nothing could have been further from my mind .
after the second pint ian stopped his usual philosophical ramblings to a certain extent .
no body became apparent , and they vanished in a startling flash .
believe it or not ; there is strict purpose to most , if not all my japes , even besides the humour factor that is often left afterwards .
a calm , quiet monday night .
perhaps this was a speech hed wanted to air with humans for quite some time ?
well i stayed there until nine am this morning and nothing happened .
being a farmer parsons was a busy man , yet i couldnt help questioning why hed let the place get into such a sorry state .
twenty years old when she passed .
an item that was dear to your heart , that will leave you unfulfilled until its safely back in your custody .
those stripes arent a badge of honour .
at those special times sharp , tiny noses appeared off in the background , poking their way carefully through the scrub , playfully retreating from dappled rays of pale moonlight that strobed the isle .
sam , she said thoughtfully , we dont know for sure yet , perhaps we never will .
that promise has still been kept to the letter .
plants change most every week , always some new arrangement , it never gets boring here , brian said , glancing back .
you would not be here if you did not belong .
both dissolved instantly in a sheet of blinding white light .
soft silken covers were now shoved disrespectfully to one side , near the wall .
one of the reasons why i became so interested in this subject was that i rarely dreamt myself , so have been living vicariously off others experiences ever since .
but he helped me in the bar later with the doorman , remember ?
i bit my bottom lip .
its faint toot reminded me i had to move on .
well , go on give it to him , rose whispered , digging him playfully in the ribs .
it would be extremely difficult , if not impossible for me to convince her of your survival , even if ian had not sworn me to secrecy earlier .
out into the square went i , checking pockets nervously .
aha , over in the far corner was a miniature grey gravestone .
he must have imagined me stark raving mad as i looked ridiculous .
yes , i understand that .
sadly thats probably your heart speaking sam .
such skills arent just given away .
thanks sam , a joker can not live without his audience .
ian , youre a complete disgrace !
he chirped , over and over .
i never did see him again and have often guessed what became of him , for he was one of the few ian helped whose fate didnt become apparent in my later life .
david , you may as well own up as well , you cant hide from me , you two stick together like lovers .
rapid series of lightning balls illuminated the countryside for miles , whizzing over our heads and pouring into the trees .
once i came to pick you up from school as margaret was busy .
please email comments/questions to glossyturnipstories @ yahoo.co.uk ( please name book in email title line , so i know it isnt pesky spam ! )
nick wants to go this yearhe still remembers dad taking him to the carnival when he was in kindergartenbut we never have the money .
your reviews are exemplary in that regard .
the slightest creak sounds behind me .
she jogs across the plaza to the raised platform for supermax , the light rail that runs the heavily populated i-5 corridor between medford and new seattle .
they need rest , but i know not one of them will utter a single word of complaint .
and im not completely opposed to the idea .
if he does , it wont be for , like , a month .
ive still got the whole day to kill .
whenever im on the site , i worry i might be talking to one of my sisters yet-to-be-discovered secret identities .
logan , look at the trees .
power down for a strong future .
dad telling gruesome stories at the dinner table about his last shift while mom shushes him , worried itll scare nick and me .
when i shove it back , i still cant see into the dim cubbyhole .
whoever took pipers family must still be watching the house , hoping shell come back .
im not sure what upsets me more , that he did something so dishonorable , or that he lied about it .
she let out a quick gasp , hoping she hadnt been found out .
jesse couldnt even do that .
as jesse pulled out of the dirt driveway and onto the road , he smiled and waved to the brother-in-law and the closet romantic state trooper .
jesse let out a snort of frustration .
he watched her push her way out of the jeep and march to the sidewalk in front of the bar , with a determined air .
she can help me now .
grigor followed close behind him as he headed for the second floor .
gabby shook her head in confusion , clutching the paper bag in her hand .
she was in and out in less then twenty minutes .
she sprung out of the bed .
something that doesnt make you choke up every five seconds .
hed come up to her with a beautifully wrapped pink box .
now , she was on the run from a man trying to kill her and she didnt have any of the necessary equipment to take on the fight .
you dont need to waste your drink money on me .
she raised her head and looked down at herself .
jesse took a menacing step towards him , aware of how grizzly he looked covered in blood .
sal let out a laugh .
you wanted to be a military man at some point .
believe it or not , i really liked you .
it wasnt karma telling me to find you .
he moved to grab his young wife and she flinched away .
thanks for the shirt sal looked back up at jesse as she finished .
there is nothing to discuss gabrielle .
jesse was getting even more nervous .
the spanish swears quickly turned to prayers .
it had been replaced by a very familiar purple chevelle .
i have friends ; they can help me .
not even for a second during my marriage did i feel the way about nick that i did about you for one night .
ive never been more sure of anything .
her eyes focused again on the window , looking out onto the desert landscape , the tall cacti sitting thirty feet high in the distance , the sun a sharp glowing disc behind them .
the girls eyes locked on his and finally seemed to focus for a moment .
its a bar , of course theyre gon na find booze !
their celebrity kicks it , they get a piece of the win .
chapter two from the street , the mid terraced house appeared ordinary enough .
the last thing he needed : a copper poking around his house .
he grinned at crombies incomprehension .
only wren remained her blue eyed boy .
took a long hard look at the board .
well , this case is a bit out the ordinary guv , * the childrens ward was in chaos .
two pairs of eyes bored into him as he untangled a diamante hairclip .
thats what he meant by treasure .
crombie shot rhyllann a look .
why didnt you ask me ?
keeps me out of mischief !
his shoulders prickled , feeling aunt dotties happy beam on his back .
it turned out fred and ginger were a hollywood couple who sung and danced at the drop of an hat .
after a heartbeat , crombie and wren smiled to show they thought hed made a funny too .
