they walked for a while in silence , sue listening to the sounds all around her , while taking in the scents and smells .
sue thought for a moment before replying , will you be drugging me again ?
hines looked at the sickly grandson laying there .
she was looking at her son .
hines called mrs blut , his pa , and told her to get all the staff and employees on to the front lawn now , plus bring two coffees .
a loud gasp was heard .
thats just the way it is .
alice gave him that look again .
when they were out of sight they all headed for the main exit .
the big lad let go of matt and stepped back four or five paces , his eyes streaming with tears .
smith walked over and spoke to george .
sure , as long as the piranhas have gone .
sue sat quietly , absorbing the information .
with a look of shock and horror on her face she replied , youve killed all seven of them , havent you ?
the noise brought mr brandt , the house master out .
there it was , nan alices big smile , just as he had remembered .
george let stevens go and turned to his wife .
slowly he turned his head looking at his granddad .
he stood up , who the bloody hell are you and what do you want ?
wolf got some dry food which took him about ten seconds to finish .
matt screamed in his excitement , and while matt was still running around hines spoke to lisa .
hines rubbed matts head , youve convinced me .
george didnt reply and sat next to alice .
the surprise on kiels face turned to fear , and then pain .
it pays to check , you never know what might lie ahead .
not me , im not that complicated .
she heard a low growl and looked at wolf , but he was not making the sound .
atom on the other hand was a different matter .
matt nodded in agreement , how well do you know little ivan ?
urie dropped a hundred dollar bill onto the front seat and grabbed his backpack .
sue tried her best to look hurt .
people like drogski will always exist , as granddad george used to say , if a spider runs across the floor , you have two choices ; you can stamp on it or let it go , he would always stamp on it .
george was inwardly happy , he could see that things were going his way .
experience had taught him that .
stay in the truck i said .
as it seems i wont be around for long id better have the short version .
goddamn it , you goddamn mother , got me good that time .
bigger than the americans know , or the british .
matt led the way with wolf at his side .
what he said next horrified her .
matt made a quick inspection of their things , even tapping his pockets , and was now looking confused .
grasping his hair she pulled his head back and with georges cut throat razor slashed him across the face .
shouldnt you be at school ?
nothing yet well get em .
sue was studying the womens clothes , clothes were her thing ; she had wardrobes full of them .
whats going on here matt ?
oh , just remembering a holiday i had with my family , we had a ride on a steam train , the steaming mugs reminded me of it .
the glock was now complete , lying in the basket .
matt dived behind a chair still firing , hines threw one gun to jfk and shouted , cover me , im going in .
sue looked at the glock then clicked on the safety , huffing , look its laughing at me ; it knows i cant hit it .
murders were not his intention , just a good beating then rob the place , kicking the shit out of someone and walking away with a bag of cash to him was a good nights work .
krista knew it wasnt going to be easy , these things never were .
i was employed for many years by your grandfather and you are your grandfathers grandson .
still wearing his new dusters matt did some shadow boxing , smiling as he did .
now through the bushes he could see him as kiel headed straight towards matt , his swaggering walk was very evident .
how did he know , she thought mischievously , but quickly pushed the thought from her mind , yes , im starving .
matt got up and headed for the kitchen .
matt , russ and an excited tina got out of the car .
no matter what , keep moving .
im not as easy as you thought i was going to be , am i smith , he thought to himself .
he asked , motioning towards ring , matt north .
matt never moved so deny tried again , get up !
what about you , matt ?
half way between the lounge door and kitchen he came face to face with a pretty girl .
people seemed to hang on to anything to get a ride , it was crazy .
matt shrugged his shoulders , i hate bullies .
trying to change the subject matt asked , anyone want a drink ?
i have to speak to matt , its urgent .
sue was stunned into silence , complete surprise written all over her face .
sue sat back on her haunches staring at the large puddle of water her tears had made , and slowly , very slowly looked around .
wilson made small talk while they waited for the tea to arrive .
and thats not the worst ive seen him eat , the mans got an iron stomach .
nothing seems to be broken and youre aleady moving around much better .
francois hands clenched against my back , then relaxed .
francois said , sounding surprised .
he looked as if he had been listening to everyone talking beyond the corner of the wall .
i dont want to kill him .
i have to stand up to them .
it scraped the beasts nose and bounced off .
pierre leaned back to my ear .
i stood and walked toward it as valiant scampered after me , yapping .
how many more guests do you anticipate ?
mama started toward me , but papa held her back with an arm around her shoulder .
if i cant have a pretty face , i can still make pretty dresses like you .
they meant to keep me cooped up in our cottage forever .
francois was the only one willing to act , and now he was gone .
the wolf papa brought to our home .
i patted his head and hugged his neck .
i would be eleven years old in march , and i had developed strength and skills to rival most boys my age .
but thats not all there is .
she shook her head and leaned toward me .
i wan na go on a hunt tomorrow , too .
according to pierre , i could handle myself well enough .
mama stepped down from the porch and extended a hand toward him .
we came to a clearing and found the deer .
something started in the bushes .
something papa never would have done .
my eyes kept searching through the trees , the bushes , the dark patches where something might hide .
i entered lenes , the blacksmith shop , carrying a string of dead birds and a rabbit .
i looked around the empty alley , at the shrapnel of rocks and bricks scattered nearby .
