how many warders and how well armed ?
give us 20 minutes to get ourselves into position and dispose of the van john .
nevertheless it was difficult to predict what desperate men like garside would do when pushed to the limit , so they needed to be prepared .
stop right there fella , what are you doing out at this time of night ?
im so glad youve come , youre a sight for sore eyes .
the stapo have had him in their sights for a number of months now and he had to go on the run .
arrange it that you only collect them on the day we need them .
sorry janice but you really dont want to know so if you dont mind lets just leave it there .
im not sure yet tony , but given the level of intelligence they appear to have and their organisation my guess is that they are renegade state police officers .
the whole battle group was split amongst the five sectors that needed to be frequently moved .
we need to get air in here quickly .
he is going on tv tonight to make an announcement and hopes that he can turn public opinion against you .
*** terry bayliss laid out his plan on how he would disable or rather destroy the cio data store .
alan instructed his men , reduce the detonation time to 5 minutes and move out as soon as you have done that .
his dilemma was that in hitting the economy he would also jeopardise jobs .
they kept their masks on as they crossed the road towards the waiting escort troop .
it is essential that when we have mr harper under our control he is to be moved smoothly and swiftly to notting hill gate .
i need to know if my visit to them will be worth my time .
mason waited for a response from his boss .
edward rose and warmly shook johns hand .
he was reluctant because this was more dangerous and there would not be the back up they had the first time .
paramedics and a doctor were summoned .
a slurred voice shouted from an open office just the other side of the reception desk what do you want , were not open , now get the fuck out of here before i come over and kick you out .
an armed guard stood outside the door .
i dont understand how any of us could have let it get this far .
ill leave the details to you .
you are my succession plan and you must seek out others that you trust and make them your successors .
i will brief the first minister when the changes are well under way .
i promise you i will not initiate an action against you or your men .
he was summoned to garsides office once again .
jd and his men were covertly spread out and continued to observe through their night vision sights .
as he was garsides right hand man garside would be weakened by the loss of this support .
heads instantly snapped to a rigid vertical position .
moral was high and john was surprised given the losses they had suffered recently .
john had decided to take mason to chancery lane deep shelter where there was a suitable holding cell for his guest .
how long have you both been in the service ?
after reading it , he laughed and dismissively threw the letter on the table .
those questions would be answered when he was ready and not before .
despite our numbers we would be no match against the military in a major confrontation .
then he screamed , louder than he ever had before .
twenty-seven , repeated the foreign voice .
you are a bit different than our usual volunteers .
one that we can solve together .
she was somewhere in the middle ; sort of chubby , but cute .
just dont invite all your friends to carpool , or something .
emberlee dug her elbow into his ribs and lowered herself back down , and said nothing until they finally reached kallinda and were sent through .
the kid wasnt paying attention to him .
jesse , there never was a boy with a knife .
youre always complaining about how you hate school and teachers and how irritating your schoolmates are , and im glad youre starting to open up , but somethings going on .
so what did you do to get those things after you ?
the screen said the call was ended , but the entire conversation made no sense .
it growled again , this time a sound like a thick angry buzz , and threw its head back .
emberlees hair flew free from her pins , blowing wildly around her scrunched-up face .
three hours , jesse thought slowly .
i didnt mean with magic , and stuff .
the sword dropped from the girls hand .
well , wherever you go , theres always going to be only one of you , ashton answered .
or are you incapable of understanding ?
ashton clenched his jaw and squeezed his eyes shut .
when the dudes at the hospital took my eye , i requested my fake eye to be white , so everyone sorta knew i couldnt see through that eye .
so , shes finally been found .
okay , now you try it on zander , edana told him .
zander raised a brow , surprised at this question , and set his mug back down on the table .
every time her crying had started to subside before , the words would echo in her head , auntie is gone , and send her into another torrent .
ashton stepped back , allowing jesse time to pull himself up by the fence and settle back into his fighting stance .
everything is gon na be fine .
arent you the least bit worried ?
zander blinked , wishing he could see his girlfriend in the blackness .
it was always my favourite when i was nine .
he lifted it in both hands and waited , feet braced .
jesse closed his eyes to concentrate on listening .
a laugh rang through ashtons chest , into him , and before he was ready ashton settled his feet onto the sand .
jesse halted a few steps ahead of him and followed his gaze , but he saw nothing but the palm tree forest behind them and the sand that stretched onward to no end .
the stars had come out , blinking down on them .
the train were growing louder .
just one word , one minute of attention , and his protectiveness would take over , and for the most part hed regret it later .
because this is the last time were ever going to be here on this train .
mrs. bennetts room was right around the corner .
who made you do what ?
you have to think harder .
slowly , jesse backed away .
or maybe youll transport yourself straight to my gran and murder her right under my nose .
we may still find a use for those still alive in the imprisonment chambers , if i can persuade our prisoners to talk .
he nodded , all compliance .
she was justshes my grandma .
what exactly have you told him , partner ?
jesse grasped the barrel and snatched it away from her .
he looked so much happier , youthful , his face glowing .
then she smiled and shook her head .
the old place smelled of garbage and rust , which made jesses eyes water .
but he had no idea how he was going to do it .
ashtons eyes were still closed , his hands up behind his head .
he hated that ashton had to act like this .
the man had grabbed a pen and was fiddling with it , as though trying to distract himself from his stress .
the ride was jerky and harsh , and yet jesse felt a surge of power with every turn of the wheel , press of the accelerator , rattle of the stick shift , screech of rubber .
embers chest was heaving beneath the glittery neckline of her dress .
the guard did it to me , too .
hadnt your brilliant scientists drawn that conclusion yet ?
her knees collapsed , and she slumped against a nearby guard , who pushed her back upright .
jesse eyed him as he turned to leave .
