to his surprise , dwylar also reached out his arm but instead of taking his hand seika found his wrist surrounded by a large , powerful hand .
`` the hawk is given this power by one of the learned men of the realm .
that is a strange claim . ''
`` we may take the straight south route , if you like .
my unannounced passage through your land may well unsettle more than folks in your realm .
`` as you left , we spied a large hawk , '' chimol said .
`` this is a part of the lore of the crystal .
`` dwylar has been gone much too long this time , mr .
a ridge to the north barred them from that direction .
then it stopped , and looked up .
he tracked them as they looped around a small path quietly killing a few more as they went back south .
he can take this shape at will , the greatest of wing to ever soar the skies of the world . ''
`` you do not have to tell me .
in the name of sheylor i command you to leave this place ! ''
`` then this is a time to rejoice .
could it be they have some magic to turn the night airs ? ''
as they sat on the scorched earth they saw in his hand a simple stone .
`` we must make plans .
why had they not come forward , not attacked ?
what the purpose would be , i do not know .
seika unceremoniously plopped himself down and sighed .
seika for his part had no trouble staying awake .
`` what happened to our vision ?
it was as good a place as any .
how would they react to their lands being savagely attacked ?
`` we did not know you had a ... a pet , dwylar . ''
he wanted to see what was going on around them and he could not accomplish this at night .
one of these days , i 'm going to strangle the life right out of one of them , then present him as a present to ceydar .
`` we have reached the point where i am no longer able to lead .
dwylar dropped his head , his eyes following seika as he moved away .
chimol slowly raised his head from the blank stare that had been affixed to the ground as he met the searchers eyes .
there is evil here in this place , he thought .
`` it is the burning and the haze of the smoke .
the guard swallowed hard , his eyes limply meeting ceydar 's .
these sights had been coming to him more each day , and each day they were clearer and more distinct .
mr. clancy looked hard at seika , not pleased with this `new ' information .
after only two turns the struggle to breath and the biting cold were beginning to wear heavily on them .
again , the fire was buried and all traces of their encampment brushed away .
sure that he was successful , the patrol losing him in the bright sky he came around through the low pass completely circling his prey .
he could not waste the time to travel the path he had once taken .
chimol looked back and nodded to seika and then with a slight wave of his hand disappeared into the darkness .
drawn on by their own curiosity they crept forward , keeping low and hidden .
seika fell hard against the forest floor and then heard the scream .
`` what manner of ... '' clancy held up his hand and reylor stopped .
after a moment of staring at the wispy ribbons of solar energy , council elder draak slowly looked down and turned to face the group .
just then , a deep rumbling hum started coming from beneath the enormous chamber .
every creature of every size crowded into these holes , regardless of whomever was lying next to them in the sanctuary of the dark .
the three sets of twins followed like a cloned entourage .
he had continued the large pyramid temple construction far away to the east , where the old ones from whom the olmec sprung had begun millennia earlier .
a massive courtyard plaza held the other buildings in the temple city .
down and down he went ; his thoughts focused and pure like an epiphany .
uniformly spread through the blackness of the unknown metamaterial glinted tiny flashes of prismatic color and light .
when he got to the workbench , he tossed the young pelagic predator on it with a plop .
this time it had a side-scan radar image of the vessel .
he was slowly getting to know his family for the first time .
he lurched forward over the smoldering panel and looked back down to the front deck .
he turned and screamed over the ear-splitting noise coming from the static discharge in the nano-shields when he saw luke come up the stairs with janine .
they werent going to make it out of the storm at this speed .
then , according to the little girl , the jaguar smiled at her .
she didnt stop when she crossed the stream and ran into the village .
mariss did not care that it put her schedule back a week in digging .
the colors of the aurora faded in and out and wavered over the jungle for as far as they could see .
don marco fernando walked away without looking back and handed the sword to another bloody conquistador standing by the door .
the jungle would eventually seal off the rest of the pyramid .
he was twenty-five , which was still mostly a kid .
instead , they finished building the pyramid of life .
then they became plain stone expanses .
she smiled even bigger at him .
she leaned forward and looked over to the other side of the body with her light .
when the third agent finally spoke , it was in complete amazement .
they all came from different cities and went to different schools .
he was going to study the south atlantic magnetic anomaly , an area of weakened magnetic protection in the earths field .
worms and maggots on the inside of her body cavity started expanding out and falling onto the floor .
marshall quickly began punching in the commands to measure the area inside the anomaly compared to the last recorded size from the logs .
his nephew was way too smart .
after a few more minutes , the speedometer got to 125 knots and stayed there .
jacinto mirrored her on his side .
when she looked back at the box , she could see what made the prisms of light bounce off of the shiny surface of the artifact .
in fact , it looks like all the blocks have these strange glyphs in the same places jacinto interrupted .
she stopped crawling and yelled back to him .
it had five beds that were mounted in the floor and could be lowered and raised pneumatically .
he didnt know it yet , but this would be his last day here .
let me guess , more military channel ?
but for now , marshall just kept laughing .
he smiled at her again and kept trying to bounce to the music .
but this morning , she went to the front door when she heard someone outside taping something to it .
but she quickly remembered shed actually tried to call jay-l over sixty times in the past thirty minutes .
the ground for thirty feet in all directions away from the twin laser impact zone was now electrified with enough static charge to disable the entire miami police force .
every computer on the planet that was actively connected to the internet , or any other network for that matter , instantly began to unknowingly parse single micro-bits of code distributed by quantum modulation fluctuation on both the electrical and electronic pulse signals .
okay fine , send your helicopter and your jet .
dont miss a frame for me .
director martin shifted his gaze from the president to the voice from the back of the room .
hang on just a minute now as i was saying , the new consumer computers that my company started producing out of china last month are based on room temperature chips , which are slower .
i think were done here .
pick a zip code , any zip code .
so let me spell it out for you .
it was still enough of a marvel for dwayne to stop and stare .
he relaxed slightly in the large padded chair and swiveled toward dwayne .
when the levees broke , the port shut down , and all traffic on the mississippi river stopped .
then he a took sip of scotch and dwayne followed suit .
