she shuffled over to where holt was seated with his back to the wall .
the netherdragon roared defiantly and stepped forward out of the smoke and flames , largely unharmed and fully focused on the new threat .
her guilt began the slow simmering into anger .
lanis thought shed already made her having a problem quite evident so she did her best to swallow her anger .
it was an enormous structure , originally built to accommodate dozens of the massive airborne vessels .
i suppose it is , lanis said , forcing a weak smile .
although reds lacked the endurance of the slightly larger yellows , they could usually overpower them in close melee .
as a result , the once-proclaimed defenders of humanity were , these days , more often greeted with disdain or outright hostility .
once they looked thoroughly dejected enough for his liking , he walked over to the crates and inspected them , even rocking them a bit to test their stability .
to suggest leaving the order to which hed vowed service was almost scandalous .
eamar stopped and looked up at the colossal icon .
he insists that i sleep more .
phaedaan looked up at eamar .
eamar 's laugh diminished to a slight chuckle .
you havent been sleeping , she said .
so , you never told me what sir eamars visit was about , liane said suddenly .
ryan unexpectedly envisioned lianes broken body laying on the battlefield .
are you alright , sir ?
they pressed through the crowds of confused workers which thinned rapidly once theyd descended past the second level of the fortress .
yeah , he said before recognizing the veiled insult , wait , what ?
ryan stood , facing the lord marshal , who held the auraeometer up in both hands .
gantros hunched down , pressing his chest to the ground to give ryan easier access to the saddle .
vaan hoss stood beside him , also watching the pair take off , his expression darker .
vaziraxuil of black mountain , the only female stone dragon representative , although the physical differences were rather subtle .
`` it is well-known that your kind give undue eminence to the prophecies of tem .
we will assess his or her potential before passing any judgements .
humans could be full of wisdom when one kept a keen ear and an open mind .
but while the sovereigns might be content to sit by and watch the humans suffer for their mistakes , alliele was not .
they only know destruction , alliele .
alliele motioned for her group to stop as veritaxus approached .
under normal circumstances , such a skill was often difficult and strenuous to use .
his face was drenched with sweat and his breathing had quickened .
alliele , now convinced that astaban was going to be okay , gave him an annoyed stare .
*** the dry summer grass of northern calandra crunched beneath her boots as alliele stepped over the portal threshold .
another religious fanatic , the bartender said with a chuckle and shake of his head .
thats alright , ryan said , taking a step toward the door , im actually running a bit late .
ryan noted that the big guy seemed to be trying to keep the weight off that right leg .
gantros leaned forward and ryan quickly mounted up , not bothering to take the time to do up the safety straps .
sir ryan should have it with him , alliele whispered , her annoyance quickly being replaced by anxiety .
wally , here , says you were at the last call today , he said , gesturing toward the scrawny fellow to his right .
astaban swung back attempting to parry .
cody rushed forward and caught her as she fell , collapsing down to his knees alongside her as she crumpled into his arms .
alliele walked to the center of the cul de sac and turned around .
`` i think he 's delusional .
ryan set off with a start , diving headlong into the brush toward the direction of the sound .
he wont hurt you , he said , taking her hand and gently placing on the drakes neck .
ryan was utterly speechless as he took the auraeometer in his hands .
who was to say that ryan was to be the one to find the wyrmweaver ?
'sorry sir , i cant sort it out enough for a positive id .
this way then , he said as he backed up and held the door for her .
as you are , no doubt , aware , ley lines can be pretty unpredictable , '' halvere said as he scanned over the report .
it was hard to believe that the stalker had not sensed the powerful artifact .
her ecomm headset crackled to life .
lanis voice broke the tension , drawing everyone 's attention to the forward hatch .
there is more prey about .
gray glanced around to make sure that the rest of the team had moved out of earshot .
blood red leather straps hung from the shoulders and waist of his black , roughly-forged plate armor .
cable team , eyes south .
grasping at the cable in the back of his neck , the ned wrenched on it with all his strength .
gray pulled back behind the wall and reloaded his weapon .
ryans best chance was to attempt to hamstring the brute to bring him down , then try to finish him with a strike to a more vital area .
her eyes went wide with realization .
to his surprise , he seemed intact .
she couldnt fight this thing in the open any longer .
that one had been lost in montrey , stuck in the back of that damn stalker and left behind when the coalition forces retreated .
*** gray nearly climbed over the co-pilots seat as he spotted the ned atop the roof in the distance .
that guy must have gotten in a good blow with that blade of his .
akarahk pause and slowly turned around , dumbstruck by the sight of that witless dragonknight once again rising to face him .
he winced as much from the stench as from the pain of scores of injuries all vying for his attention now that the adrenaline that had silenced them was wearing off .
alliele paused to consider the passage , allegedly penned some thousand cycles ago by tem of calahn , possibly one of the most gifted shards in human history .
the wise man finds the value in any situation , he added .
bracing herself against a large outcropping of rock , she looked across a deep valley at the jagged ridge of mountains beyond .
typically used by artillery and skycruiser cannons for penetrating large-scale barrier wards .
( see traitor states ) traitor states , the - collective term for the t'lanthan principalities that surrendered , either by force or by choice , and became thralls of the imperium .
they received updated reports from the analysts and kept their employers current on the projects and experiments .
i pause before grabbing it as a sinking feeling sweeps over me , and i pull my hand back and decide it 's best to ignore the enigma .
i slump to the floor , lean against the table , and bow my head .
we do not refer to pandora as she or her , mr. decuma reprimanded .
he picked up the picture frame .
i put the eggs and milk in the refrigerator and put the dry goods in the pantry , and then i place a stainless steel kettle full of water on the burner and turn it on high .
she wore thin gloves , jogging pants , running shoes , a tank top , and a zipped up hooded sweatshirt .
blood caked her left shoulder where one of the un-men 's bullets had grazed her , and dried plasma crusted the knife cut on her left forearm .
hey , none of that kinky stuff till we discuss a price , the pimp demanded as he walked to them .
youre my shadow no more , so dont follow me .
i stated my concerns earlier over its fatigue , ms. nona said .
setting programming to seek and destroy .
kat ran to the table , grabbed her things , and then turned the table over .
i start to shoot the lady in the leg when i believe i recognize her and a sense of joy peeks over the mound of hatred and sorrow i feel .
time slowly passes , but i ca n't sleep .
these items can be replaced at any drug store .
you arent some murdering psycho are you ?
what kind of game is she playing ?
i found this at topa 's .
kat only stares at the gun and then she closes her eyes as if she deserves her death .
the woman caught kim off guard , but kim quickly recovered .
why must i always run or fight ?
i turn as if i can see the nexus apartments in the distance .
its sun-blazing dot-light brightened and changed to a deep red as the t-3 said with a british accent , poppet , you want to play ?
the t-3 headed for kim as its dot-light radiated abnormally like a red flame .
load up the team leader for me .
