the castle will forward you their pay , and with that , they can buy food .
im here for you if you want to talk about it .
the pledges and promises visibly lift the spirits of the few who came to hear their new queen speak .
the blow produces an unsettlingly brief cracking sound , the kid continuing forward while tumbling head over heels .
oh yeah , he mumbles , recalling her fading away after saving him from his fall .
ohh , i liked that one !
ive missed just talking like this from time to time .
another volley of calculating strikes send shockwaves of force in every direction , spheres of water exploding from the impacts as the boy does everything in his power to avoid being cut down .
obviously enraged , the patriarch charges again only to meet the same end .
moments away from knocking him unconscious , links arm suddenly stops just before impact .
soaring toward the teeming sea of goblins , she leaps off of a ladder being erected , her natural agility amplified ten-fold by her dark accessory .
instantly overwhelmed with a bitter hatred , navi drifts away to assess the damage done to the town , her dislike of the former princess no secret to either of them .
it is now that link sees garo for what he is .
continuing to spawn more and more of the sentinels , geist arranges them in long lines , hovering a set distance apart from each other , and slowly rotating his form like a carnival ride at night .
not seeming to want a fight , rift begins to run up the trail , fleeing the scene of the crime as quickly as he is able .
they took the town in mere hours .
it would have been better for their race to take care of themselves , though .
well figure it out , she asserts with an optimistic attitude .
dodging left , the diagonal strike misses the mark , giving rift another suffocating blast of hot wind as it passes .
continuing down the new direction , several more dead ends are found as mai continues to map out the growing labyrinth .
lingering a moment longer , she stares into the boys eyes , noting the growing confidence behind his consistently timid expression .
on the run with no place to call home .
sensing a new presence behind him , the gerudo turns to find four kokiri boys standing in a half circle , each of them wielding a short sword and a wooden shield .
a primal roar of fear and pain echoes through the forest as link removes the sharp shard of steel , preparing to stab him again .
the colossal ring of flame has accelerated its pace , but now pales in comparison to the dark void consuming the kingdom .
under any circumstance , she demands , eyeing her disciple carefully to be certain she understands .
the kokiri brought you here while i talked to mido .
studying it carefully , link sees that it strongly resembles him , as if he were looking into an altered mirror .
a massive glyph containing an array of strange symbols encompasses the floor , gradually fading as it stretches from the center of the room .
his heart sinking instantly , rift is blindsided by the simple riddle .
with one hand clasped in the other , he stares at the floor , making no attempt to greet the boy .
not cords , he blurts out with a smile .
once again , mai appears to calmly console her chosen as the monster winds up a powerful swing .
where is the sage of light hiding ?
he has taught the rest of his kind to hate outsiders , and yet , the strongest of his soldiers is the result of a hopeless affair with a hylian .
he has attempted to simply walk away , but if it is a fight she wants , he will certainly oblige .
were her conscience any less demanding , she would have killed him with her initial assault .
moments later , they are dashing through kakariko , en route to the castle .
seconds later , the hand goes limp and zelda has fallen into a deep slumber .
the sphere suddenly expands as it vanishes , throwing all of the caught arrows outward in a random , shrapnel-like pattern .
maybe all gerudo start to think this way once theyve escaped the kings influence .
struggling to pull himself free only serves to hasten his descent , now seconds from plunging to certain death in the darkness awaiting him .
the sand hasnt had time to settle .
what , he starts , backing away from the image .
not inspired to say anything just yet , the gerudo king gestures for an unknown presence to make its appearance .
relaxing for only an instant , link realizes what she is attempting to do , and it is working .
the hero of time has finally met his demise , though he never imagined it would be at the hands of such an entity .
his augmented voice shakes the very air in a deep bellow with the pair of syllables .
that role remains today , but is overshadowed by a deadly new mission .
code blue , requesting immediate assistance , over .
when he arrived at the restaurant on time , she was already seated at an intimate table near a window overlooking crystal drive in the upscale steak house .
let me give you some insight , rachael .
she was around five three and overweight .
she was introverted , and didnt mingle much with the other girls .
as the only college graduate in his family , he engendered even more pride at home .
but , that wouldnt be the smart way to do it at the company and not your style anyway .
as the air and sea lanes from central and south america were shut down by the u.s. , land transport across mexico became the most viable smuggling route during the early 21st century .
you cant walk out with that ... before she could finish , rachael turned and walked out the glass door into the corridor for the elevator .
we all got a call about forty-five minutes ago that agent so-and-so had a bunch of illegals cornered out here at zebra-1 and needed assistance , sounded pretty routine .
rachael was much younger than the other people , who were all males .
he put the note down and paused for a second , we werent given any instructions about how or where the payment should occur , so we couldnt do it , if we wanted to .
after dozens of severe cuts to his upper body and legs , billy fell to his hands and knees , pleading .
he might be a lot smarter than we think .
several trucks had been in the inspection line parallel to the crossing gates that started rolling immediately after the freight go ! !
then she recalled that this was the same turnout where she and peter had strolled along the river several times months earlier .
it felt awkward returning as a visitor after their separation , and he waited to be invited in .
montes looked at her , simple .
cutting into his rare steak , stokes replied , i dont know what they can do .
he would miss his associate , yet he knew when to leave the business .
gorman will handle the men .
carolyn and john had frequently talked about the love match between peter and rachael , and she didnt know their engagement had ended .
it hadnt gone well , but was no worse than he expected .
leo was still stunned by the information and simply motioned him through and shook his hand .
i did some deeper digging about his parents , not sure why , it just seemed curious that he left mexico , and that his parents died young .
you need to do whatever you can .
peter was in another hospital with gunshot wounds .
she thought to herself , so mr. montes , whats your story ?
you must make them fear you at all times .
surprise , buddy , ive got some connections .
most sounds didnt register , and he could no longer feel his arms or legs .
an hour later peter was on the phone .
ah , yes , maam .
carolyn , go to him , and ill be right there .
wasnt there some kind of ransom demand for him and corporal tilman ?
im on my way home .
how bout louies in arlington around seven ?
it says that title to all of the land given to me by the cartel is transferred to the agency .
the meeting ended when jamie became uneasy about spending more time taking to her .
the cartel is named for his father , alejandro cardenas .
are you thinking of visiting home ( el paso ) any time soon ?
huh , oh yeah , funny chief .
montes sensed the two uniforms standing behind him .
there was some disgruntlement , but before anyone could object further , leo spoke up , peter , lets take a ride .
moritz didnt plan to confess his discussion with morales to anyone .
im just glad you made it back in one piece .
the worst areas are in the tucson and el paso sectors , although by no means is it that simple .
thanks , i love you .
you dont get much privacy from now on .
he regained about eighty percent of his shoulder rotation and was able to begin light weight training after two months .
one of the marines in civilian clothes opened the back door to the center black suv , then took a position next to the driver .
