okay , said rick , lets work on that assumption ; theres no other ready explanation .
having overheard the conversation , he anxiously awaited his instructions .
as he danced around , shadow boxing , his gloves sliced through the air with lightning jabs left , right and centre .
he repeated the name , novak , almost as though it was familiar to him .
his intuition told him that novak , while a smart tough guy , was in well over his own head .
kom , maat , ben said to him , as if they really were mates , and helped the confused goliath to his feet and out the door back to his compartment .
ben was hardly qualified to tell gary how to deal with his anxiety .
his cynicism had increased , while his idealism wilted and went into hibernation .
but he could hear his fathers voice , ben its up to you to take care of brenda , and strangely , though he was a world away from home , he felt that abandoning gary would , in some way , be like abandoning his helpless sister .
standing under the hot soothing stream helped ease the shivering that had taken control of his body following the combined assault of shock and cold .
that guy is a mean son of a bitch and i can see hes gunning for you already .
they had heard the bugle announcing dinner and went off to find the mess .
of course , petrus was also her son , but sometimes she found it hard to remember that .
you too , said harry .
you see the power this guy wields .
if steyn finds out , were dead .
as he imagined what he might do , his heart beat faster and his body tensed with an adrenalin rush .
being a city kid , josh had always feared spiders and snakes , and peering at the dense scrub , it was easy to imagine himself crawling into a web or putting his hand on some deadly snake .
he liked the solitude of that hour .
do not speak to him .
i can feel it , that guy hates me .
fuck it , ben thought , he must have seen me liberty punch steyn , and now hes probably thinking thats exactly what happened to him on the train .
combining this with a scant regard for the prowess of their adversaries was a sure recipe for disaster .
then he saw the cellar door brazenly open with no attempt to hide her act of treachery .
although cold , hungry and emotionally exhausted , he knew , that being left alone in the cell was soon bound to become the happiest moment of each day .
how much longer do i have to stay here ?
dahlia was not at all happy about the idea .
ill bring him back to the house ... sure , well move him to green thorn .
feeling physically exhausted and emotionally drained from the failed escape attempt , he was content to lie there and feign complete unconsciousness for the moment .
the intuition which had previously seemed improbable that all this was related to steyn and his past could no longer be dismissed as paranoia .
he had this way about him , never forcing anything ; merely asking a question and then leaving his younger brother to make the decision , after his own careful consideration .
you really think he was any better than the rest , in any way that actually mattered ?
well then , that would be de jager .
he felt revitalised by the anticipation of danger and prickly with excitement , even while he was terrified for the safety of his son .
thats very philosophical , ben said without interest .
43 white son in his room at green thorn , old joshua was awake again .
johan was straight to the point .
as ben and he embraced in a great hug , years of friendship and love coursed between them .
now , years later , he had become so used to reporting to de jager about ben and being rewarded for it , that he had given him all the details about joshs imminent arrival without a second thought .
no , thats impossible , ben asserted .
in the hands of an expert , a knife is a formidable weapon .
he double checked , hoping that there might be a round in the chamber that johan had forgotten .
crunching the gears into reverse , he floored the accelerator again , taking out the remaining part of the wall as they exited .
just as it was becoming intolerable enough for him to reconsider this entire insane strategy , the helicopter came thundering into view and rocco made his quick run for the trees .
the explosion took on a new meaning of hope .
slow down , said rocco .
de jager stood by , salivating at the prospect of revenge .
i shouldnt be surprised you brought down the helicopter .
ben thought that joshua looked barely older than he had twenty-eight years since he had last seen him .
once ajax is fully recovered , winston promises to travel westward with star to find dr. che .
next time they would not fail they would cleanse mech city of this unholy menace .
four mech wolves crept in from the adjacent room .
moments later , four mech wolves appeared at the door along with comrade drone the idiot valet robot nearly as massive as ajax himself .
well just have to see .
instantly all doubts vanished , replaced with unswerving loyalty and respect .
the grinding noise of the elevator mechanism entered the office , then the sound of footsteps in the corridor .
did you know that many battles commenced on holidays because one side was too preoccupied with religious observance to notice an approaching threat ?
the noise from the slaughter outside became muffled .
he sat up like a huge puppy dog and offered his right paw .
a cool breeze wafted across his temperature sensors .
star withdrew , sensing his profound doubt .
it was less than three weeks since hed last seen the construction robot , but it seemed much longer than that .
this one should make a nice carpet , sister reedy said .
greetings , your leadership , he said .
the messiah had ordered the plasti-glass removed so that his visions could circulate freely about the tower .
if only winston were here to interpret things .
both men knew that their conversation was useless , since the messiah would determine when the move would take place , without regard to their opinions .
his footsteps faded down the corridor .
a ritual bowl containing holy solvent completed the accoutrement .
never again would we be driven from our holy temple !
roddy cried out with exquisite agony .
*** star remained fixated in the window , staring out at the mountain vastness , as if shed been cemented in place .
the scrappers soon regained the upper hand , driving winston and star back toward the gaping window .
youre going out , too !
the garment seemed more like an oversized bib spread over his lanky body .
winston let the delicate subject peter out .
the vehicle was badly smashed up , and pieces of bert lay scattered .
hey , check out the old dudes outfit , said another man inside the vehicle .
so , we can take our time , if you like , he said .
yes ... well , let me check the route , he said .
well ... okay , winston said .
under other circumstances , his efforts would have been amusing .
psychotic encampment the chief acolyte , flanked by susie and pam , sat staring into the campfire , contemplating the hell flames that awaited all nonbelievers .
never before had she felt such urgency and passion coming from him .
suddenly ripper started running toward them , yipping fiercely .
we wish to find dr. edgar rackenfauz .
pam picked up one of the supple little sticks that littered the area .
it has a dangerous ring to it .
star felt suddenly weak , as if somebody had cut her power supply in half .
he stood up and spread his arms wide .
rackenfauz threw up his hands .
the corners of his eyes crinkled .
the man lacked all subtly , winston determined .
learn from past mistakes , as it were .
hed rushed forward to receive it while the others continued along their path to damnation .
if youll honor us with your presence , sir , we will convey you to them posthaste , he said .
koestler stood in her usual place nearby .
well be rigging explosive charges to the main facilities , dr. che said .
winston was not capable of feeling male jealousy because he wasnt really a male .
he pulled out a single unit of paper-wrapped herb .
