doors were kept closed at all times and they had no vehicles near the property .
it felt much like being shot in the back .
sam lee called angela on tac2 , villa park , come in .
he shifted gun hands then pulled the other hand back .
it was about twelve inches long by ten wide and four deep .
mr. secretary , this is special agent in charge of the chicago office , sam lee .
patriot operated in several large cities .
we usually apply it in a car wash , and it lasts for months .
operation washdown ben harris was on the globemaster along with tons of materials .
because it was a military communiqu , peter took the call with the speaker system engaged .
located only one mile away , the federal building survived total destruction , but the shock wave and heat had done extensive damage .
please rachael , honey , were going catch these guys , but i need to know who you communicate with .
naperville base as the little bird pilot was radioing in on his approach to lz1 , the naperville mall , peters singgars radio came to life , striker one , big eye one , over .
thousands joined the mujahdeen , a guerilla force on a holy mission for allah against the new government .
machin was becoming increasingly agitated , who do they think we are vasya ?
the flight leveled again after ten seconds in decline .
at five hundred feet above the ground , the bomb exploded in a blinding flash of light and incredibly loud concussion .
she was shocked at peters bloody appearance .
dawn was appearing as the aircraft flew to their starting points in the city .
over the radio he heard , striker one this is striker two , over .
as soon as he could get back into the main icu , he planned to have the staff remove the respirator and move her out of the icu for more urgent patients -- those that he thought could be saved .
peter replied , still groggy , i ... i dont remember ... my team on little bird one , striker two ... a lot of menambush !
tears ran from his eyes .
the conditions were terrible for the maneuver ahead , but such things were under divine control .
on deck , another boy was screaming while crewmen restrained him from jumping over to help .
they were now committing a major felony that could send them to prison for a long time and ruin the rest of their lives .
if you choose to call an attorney , you have that right .
the coast guard air station was twenty miles south , so oreilly directed the flight to come to the maritime terminal .
diesel fuel is difficult to ignite , but burns intensely once it starts .
by the way , call me rachael .
fbi intelligence bulletin : fbi field office in miami has reliable information , working with army intelligence , that surface-to-air missiles have entered the u.s .
this has got to be some idiot trying to disrupt operations .
the aircraft was in a fifteen-degree nose-up attitude moving at 250 knots .
rachael left work early to make a special dinner for peter .
it was early morning when they arrived at their new safe house in canton , ma , just south of boston .
it took most of that time to clear through the security process and find the counterintelligence building .
they were passing through one thousand feet at 170 knots ias when a female digital audio alarm blared : missile !
she felt uneasy that he still volunteered for dangerous assignments .
you know , i love you .
working with his civilian staff helped him soften his stiff demeanor .
the ac system was off , so the only source was an open window or door , yet the windows and doors were closed and locked before they moved upstairs for the night .
tokens the evening before , hasan abd al-majiid and his caravan rendezvoused at a shopping center in south valley stream , ny , near jfk airport .
weeks could pass before the money arrived at the final account .
general white went on , peter , whats your take on this ?
oconnor introduced them and peter was pleased to see that all were senior ncos .
his response was , rachael , it would be a real stretch for anyone in the u.s. to influence the newspapers down there .
striker one , i verify mil storage containers stacked in the garage , missiles suspected , out .
call me when you land .
do you know the address ?
theres a mac flight waiting for you .
to his amazement , he was able to sleep .
the next direct train to tehran left in less than two hours , so he tried to sit inconspicuously , avoiding all conversation .
peter began walking down the alley close to the fence line , passing three residences before stopping at the yard beyond the ministers .
i know where his car keys are kept .
it was difficult to control the urge to run , but sheik abu qatada would be dead in seconds if they tried .
inside the asds , the men were rattled by the powerful underwater acoustic blasts .
okay , honey , i need to rest now , but ill see you at andrews .
the caravan drove for several miles along a small tree-lined road that undulated over small foothills and then turned into a long unmarked driveway leading to a small ranch house .
when they finished talking about the arrangements , lawrence suggested that they take a walk in the woods behind the house .
from there , he would transfer to delta for the trip to grand cayman island , four hundred miles south .
he lost consciousness after a few seconds .
on the other side , they could see the twin steeples of the national cathedral .
he was risking his life on this great gamble .
peter and rachael discussed the facts over and over .
you almost jumped up in front of simmons and volunteered to go get this guy !
short of a well-placed nuclear bomb , we dont have a good way to get at this guy in the heart of tehran .
abu qatada probably doesnt know how quickly the cia got under his tent .
there was no margin for error .
we have reservations at the evin hotel , but can not check in until later today .
without sound , it was surreal , but the internal dialogue was all about a firefight .
they could pick him up at a hover in the rough terrain , then return to retrieve peter and blomstein .
at the base of the stairs , rachael ran to peter as the other mens wives did the same .
please continue to support the official releases this work merely attempts to pay homage to .
a girl yells from above .
even if he could summon the courage to return to hyrule field in the dark , he couldnt find his way if he tried .
glancing down through the slit on the front of his mask , he finds the broadsword almost completely through his chest , the hilt pressed against his back .
now that the action has subsided , the room has grown extremely dark , all of the torches having been plucked off the wall .
he couldnt have helped them .
continuing forward , rift is relieved to find no deku shrubs in the area .
the triangle beneath rifts makeshift glove glows much brighter as he reaches for the ghostly grasp .
mai exclaims , grabbing his attention .
her yellow eyes stare fearlessly into his , betraying no secrets or intentions .
arcadia has landed on the coast , but multiple sieges have failed .
thats intense , boam chuckles , dropping to the floor .
for whatever reason , sarias song and thoughts of the forest drift through his head as he falls asleep .
the empty handed : some open hands want nothing the pale , green water pours over the lip of the tilted wall like a capsizing ship .
were running out of time , mai announces , attempting to spur a little more initiative from the boy .
mai asks , sounding much healthier .
her orange hair and red eyes convey a natural sensuality , though the fear and angst they currently display is far from comforting .
a pleasure to see you princess , one of them expresses , maintaining his bow respectfully .
he is a king , ralis conveys , it is his duty to receive tragic news .
unfolding the dirty scrap of paper , zelda can not believe her eyes .
shes no intention of letting him drift away .
not much of a lake is it ?
absently placing a hand on the frame , he sees his gauntlet as if its for the first time , remembering the power it has granted him .
need to rest for a be carefu mai ! ?
yeah , usually , he agrees , glancing at the nayru statue as he passes by .
try it , she dares , briefly twirling her weapon and taking a defensive stance .
her ponytail knocked loose by the force , her vision is shrouded by a sky of tangled red .
youre going to be alright .
