there was brief darkness before a million images of memories past and present assaulted him .
the first thing is that you werent in the big & fast machine because i was next to it the whole time .
after tims father left andy got the sofa-bed ready and climbed in .
he stopped and pulled the mangled slices out of his pocket .
just look , said tim a little too loud .
he stopped , lifted his front paw and growled .
the place was a hive of activity with dozens of men bustling about .
andy could see he was lost and filled in the gap for him .
the weathers bad so i may as well do it as soon as we can .
ok. bye , tim called .
and will the young master be staying for lunch , sir ?
then you ran the battery flat you idiot !
twenty quid it is , or you get nothing .
made some new friends , sir ?
best you just use one of our maps to avoid confusion .
andy waited in the car .
man , how long does it take to get an illegal passport ?
i thought i might never get to speak to you again .
to his horror lying on the floor was a dead man .
the cars out the back .
your associate has used the talisman hasnt he ?
he stopped in front of andy and the ugly man , and then uttered something to the guards , who grabbed the two of them by their hair and pushed them to their knees .
you take three children , i take three .
he stopped at each door and took a careful look inside before moving forward .
he could hear the priest screaming in rage and the footsteps of the guards pursuing them .
i crawled through last night when i was planning your rescue .
andy was wary of the mayan food , but was pleasantly surprised to find it was quite tasty .
andy went back to the jeans and began to cut off the brass button above the fly .
i got a shock as well , but could you please tone down the language all the same ?
he spoke to the man in uniform as he stretched his aching limbs .
chalkys wife is an awful cook , archie said with a wry grin .
what can is lordship do from here ?
the sight made claires stomach twist and she looked away .
surely they outgrow that nonsense once they start school ?
she took a sip of her latte before replacing the cup on the table .
sky got down from the table and ran to give her grandmother a cuddle .
im just heading to the ladies .
claire looked at the rusty box on the road in front of her and wondered what she had done to make carl hate her so much .
she glanced in the rear mirror and saw something fogging her view even though the way was clear in front .
she bent over to kiss her friends cheek before sliding in next to her .
claire thought about her budget .
claire smiled for the first time that day as she headed for the roundabout .
shed been determined to spend the day in her room playing on the ipad , but the greyness had closed in until she was driven out to seek colour and coffee .
i should have checked that last night .
claire looked up and stifled a sigh .
by the time reception opened claire had composed seven different resignation letters and was trying to decide on her favourite .
without really needing to , claire checked the diary in her phone .
where do the birds live up here ?
it made her skin itch to think of that snake discussing her with strangers .
*** thirty-one av-a-go-yer-mug , claire !
a more thought provoking story evolved than expected in the beginning .
directly to the left of the short entrance hallway was just enough room to have a small square dining room table with drop leaves on either side that always had to be down in order for it to fit , shoved up against the wall .
when the hand reached chris head , it merely tousled his hair .
the clock seemed to go slower than usual .
he saw chris hands empty .
he pulled on the front of it practicing his bad boy look in the mirror .
her blue eyes and silver hair sparkled in the sunlight and her smile shined brighter than the beams .
he thought as he reached around him .
mr. kinsley shot chris an understanding grin .
he said through clenched teeth .
chris turned and fell to his knees .
it is up to you if you decide to trust and obey or not .
`` y-yeah , i 'm fine ...
lets finish this last cow and i can show you the fields .
`` it 's settled then . ''
you could learn a lot from that boy .
`` you seem to remember quite a bit for somebody who is supposed to have amnesia . ''
although they all smiled kindly at him , he 'd never felt so exposed and uncomfortable .
some canned salmon this time of year always hits the spot .
he stated with some pride .
in that split second , chris felt a rush run through his body , from his lips down to his toes .
maybe he should just try to tell the browley family .
he just wanted some of this grime off of him .
his legs felt like he was walking on two pieces of jello .
the one window between the desk and bed faced the busy road .
all the years chris wanting to be like the leader of his former gang was quickly drifting away and it surprised him how much he wanted to be a browley , instead .
how would you know what and what not to do ?
chris worked diligently to feed the chickens , goat and cows .
it would be nice to fetch a doctor as quickly as we fetched the ice last night .
ah , thank you ma and pa .
cale is not your only option , hanna .
we had an agreement , two slower paced songs and that was it .
with me , i mean .
the darkness that took over most of the hours of the day made mr. browley panic with the lack of wood they had for the winter .
i have , but it seemed easy to get to the destination .
mr. browley nodded with a flash of a grin , sucked down the remainder of his coffee and headed toward the door .
`` we 'd like you to stay the night so you do n't have to spend christmas eve and christmas morning alone at the sod .
it is gods work , surely .
chris stated with a sly voice .
he ran around each edge of the now dirty and wet rag , putting the thickest logs around three of the edges .
how could he do that if he was wishing to die now ?
i know you two are making wedding plans , your ma , here has told me some of the things youd worked on with her .
`` okay , then . ''
ms. rougen stated as she pushed out her chair and went for the packages by the front door .
chris turned to hanna and embraced her still fighting back the tears .
the entire plate swam in gravy and smelled heavenly .
he turned toward his new house , stopping to take in the sight .
mr. browley turned to hanna and chris .
`` who says we ca n't go ? ''
would he be living at all ?
