it might ease my pain for the moment , but agony is better than capture , and i ca n't let them take me again .
i sit up in bed , shrieking and crying like a child for her mother , and silence follows the shriek as i franticly search the bedroom , finding no smoke or fire only darkness .
the man flipped a page , keeping his gaze on the print .
it 's one of a kind .
it said in a south african accent , voice identity confirmed , tech one-twelve .
how could i be so stupid as to allow myself to fall asleep ?
what kind of monstrosity is she ? !
near tears , kats lips quivered for the pain and fear of losing the only thing that had kept her going the past year .
actually , i have lost count of how many assassins she has decommissioned .
surprised the hologram spoke to her , she lifted the music box .
you need to invest your money in better things .
the other two t-3s raised their guns , firing at the ceiling as six spider bio-mechas model arachnoid crawled in through the escape hatch ; they were two foot in diameter and all metal .
he opened the passenger door , and kat noticed his name badge read dr. chiron .
kat wanted to wrap herself into a fetal position and shield herself from the frustrating questions that had been haunting her the past year .
the rogue glances around the room and out the doors small window .
kim was taken aback by her accusation ; only her mother ever gave her that look , and kim did n't know what to say .
we have to keep going !
the rogue rubbed its pale hands together .
then why did you save me ?
no , that 's all .
i place a hand on the back of the couch and lean over to listen .
merely setting the fork down was n't enough to quell her wrath ; she had to think of something else and take her mind away from the image of that woman violating the memories in the room , but what ?
reports are coming in from all over the hellenistic sector of robotic men attacking sphinx corporation facilities .
maxwell asked , who sent you ?
chapter thirty-nine the two rooms 7:10 p.m ... kat entered research lab five and found the room abandoned ; cobwebs and dust abounded , and a musty smell lingered .
on a different note , while i was searching i did find something interesting buried deep in the archives of the factory .
i surface from my unconscious state , and i sit up , stand , walk to the ppk , pick up the gun , and aim it for the rogue .
the rogue stared at its wounded shoulder with its night vision as it repeated , you shot me .
it 's her fault for not seeing through my ruse , and it 's her fault for being so trusting .
they doubled back , running down the hall .
surely kimberly would n't dare !
i want to go back to the apartment .
rushed in , and a doctor and a nurse came in with them .
i havent been to this part of the sector .
i come to this hidden room driven by some unknown force , so what is important about the two stones ?
then why call me pandora if not to mean doom ?
a fine idea , ms. nona said as she curled up her thin cherry-red lips in a grin .
the older man questioned , wondering why they were being treated this way .
they removed their winnow masks .
she moved to ron , leaned to him , and whispered in his ear , from moscow , with love .
your yaps why im here .
kim 's view ... my hands tremble , so i remove my finger from the trigger .
show me how youre going to get us in without him sounding an alarm .
we did want the cooperation of the scientists .
i return to the table .
kat watched as she walked ahead and then mumbled , i might be naive , but at least i 'm not always angry .
the address you decoded from the data crystal .
kim shouted over her shoulder as the woman fled past her .
i fist my right hand , thinking over the possibility , and the ult l-e glows brighter like the torch of a welder .
orthos placed the folders on the desk .
i have even tapped into the building 's security and have a visual on the hall .
kat stretched out her senses .
it would be about kim examined the date on the photo .
i do n't think it 'll work .
the k-99s studied the height of the cliff , one of them jumped , and it landed hard but undamaged .
or a least , a few minutes .
it is not that bad .
kim stared at her as she controlled the urge to scream like an angry banshee ; the woman wouldnt give her a straight answer , and she was about ready to choke it out of her !
i fold my arms and question , if you want to go so badly , why dont you go by yourself ?
were you and preacher close ?
we actually need to be going .
kat moved to her side and whispered , but hes carrying a gun .
he walked over to the work table and grabbed his cane .
as to what they are for ...
on the stoop ... a security camera mounted on the wall above them turned to get a better view of them as a man spoke through an intercom , can i help you ?
why did you close your eyes ?
i think you need to back up .
i snap out of my thoughts when i hear the boy scream and turn to him as they aim for him .
i better be careful or i 'll blow my cover .
kat rushed across the dark room with her hand out , searching for the couch and once she reached the corner , she turned as the team leader 's ghost-image appeared .
daniels looked to chad and bonnie , realizing he shouldnt have spoken in front of them .
i stand and back away from the ledge .
i squeeze the rabbit , cutting my palm on the metal .
he laid the remote there , went to the golf card , grabbed a two way radio , and placed it on the table .
it motioned to the items with its hand .
no loyal friend will you ever see .
i wish i had taken that course on lip reading .
if this came to a fight , kim would take the man out first ; though , the woman did seem very skillful with the knives , but kim still believed that at this distance he would be the bigger threat .
sitting around is so boring !
she turned to daisy hoping she would give her the validation for which she was silently hoping .
why arent you excited like me ?
i just wanted to do it too .
okay , for real this time , dude .
it means i received a proper education .
how can she be 14 and a teacher ?
now , come on , lets go !
how am i even gon na explain this ?
the girls strained to stand and made a hurried hobbling to the lunchroom per mimis direction .
i just said all of that other stuff earlier cause you werent gon na let me hit .
what happened to those days when we didnt love them hoes ?
who knows what was going on in her mind .
awesome , kerou drawled as she slowly swirled one of the plump red fruits in the cream .
i dont want you to get into something if youre not totally committed .
if you take out all of the hatin-ass girls , the guys and girls with boob fetishes , and everyone that was freaked out when you birthed those anomalies last week , that just leaves you with , like , a 30-something percent chance of winning .
miss k. hates me and these other teachers are , like , old .
the racism heightens the praise .
the mademoiselle wrapped her hair around the bodies of the girls and , with a snap of her neck , sent them sailing into kayzi who was following up for assistance .
i want a hug too .
it rolled over their tongues and brought an avalanche of chill to their organs where it went to work .
she put her foot on the amp and propped the guitar on her thigh in the absence of a strap to bear the load of the instrument .
