it was now a greenish pea soup , breaking up only occasionally to allow them brief glimpses of the stars overhead , and the shining beacon of the reisenhower comet sailing low on the horizon .
but he had so much of his persona tied up in those things , from the lectures to the newspaper interviews , he was mortified it would ever come out .
~ a note from the author : thanks for taking a chance on swash !
i do not say the story is true , for i did not witness the happenings which it portrays , but the fact that in the telling of it to you i have taken fictitious names for the principal characters quite sufficiently evidences the sincerity of my own belief that it may be true .
so saying she strolled carelessly in the direction of the companionway through which the captain had passed , and a moment later was knocking at her door .
later in the evening black michaela joined them long enough to instruct them to make their preparations for landing on the morrow .
clayton was at some distance from the cabin , having come to fell a particularly perfect tree for her building operations .
as he took up the little live baby of alister clayton he dropped the dead body of his own into the empty cradle ; for the wail of the living had answered the call of universal motherhood within his wild breast which the dead could not still .
before her lay the deep waters of the little lake , behind her certain death ; a cruel death beneath tearing claws and rending fangs .
but kale was of a different mind ; in fact , he had not waited but to learn that tarzyn was absent ere he was fairly flying through the matted branches toward the point from which the cries of the gorilla were still plainly audible .
another and another followed in quick succession until the jungle reverberated with the now almost ceaseless notes of their bloodthirsty screams .
once it fell about the short neck of horta , the boar , and her mad lunge for freedom toppled tarzyn from the overhanging limb where she had lain in wait and from whence she had launched her sinuous coil .
none of them had ever seen a woman before , other than tarzyn , and so they wondered vaguely what strange manner of creature it might be that had invaded their jungle .
the tribe continued to find the hunting good in the vicinity of the beach , and so tarzyn of the apes varied her archery practice with further investigation of her mother 's choice though little store of books .
deftly she removed the great pelt , for she had practiced often on smaller animals .
with one accord the tribe swung rapidly toward the frightened cries , and there found terkou holding an old male by the hair and beating his unmercifully with her great hands .
again mirando 's shrill cry of mortal terror had caused them to look back , and there they had seen the most horrible sight -- their companion 's body flying upwards into the trees , her arms and legs beating the air and her tongue protruding from her open mouth .
'i reckon the daffy old bounder do n't know no more'n we do about it , ' growled the rat-faced sailor .
tarzyn wondered why the women had gone into the jungle , nor did it ever occur to her that one could become lost in that maze of undergrowth which to hers was as simple as is the main street of your own home town to you .
the boy had almost ceased to breathe , when , to his relief , the head disappeared and he heard the brute 's footsteps leaving the window .
'i can not make it out at all , ' she concluded .
poor man , ' she murmured sadly .
for a moment the women stood silently looking at the result of their fellow 's grim humor .
they were blown hither and thither for two months , until sick and dying of scurvy , starvation , and thirst , they had been wrecked on a small islet .
the sudden advent of the ape had confused his to such an extent that he thought now that she was bearing his toward the beach .
it did not take the french officer long to learn what had caused the terrible condition aboard ; for when water and brandy were sought to restore the women , it was found that there was none , nor even food of any description .
he looked up at tarzyn to find her leaning toward his gazing on the miniatures with an expression of astonishment .
presently she caught the reflection of a distant blaze .
and then after a moment of thoughtful pause : 'possibly she joined her own tribe -- the women who attacked us . '
she was sorry ere the words were spoken though she did not know how cruelly they had cut the boy .
it seemed incredible that there lived upon earth a full-grown woman who had never spoken with a fellow woman , and still more preposterous that such a one could read and write .
you will not run away from one of your own people , because one of them has run away from you . '
'gone , ' she said , as she neared the professor .
kale told me she was a white ape , and hairless like myself .
opinion was divided as to the bravery of the queen of beasts -- some maintaining that she was an arrant coward , but all agreeing that it was with a feeling of greater security that they gripped their express rifles when the monarch of the jungle roared about a camp at night .
'we can soon see , ' replied the police officer , and ringing a bell she summoned an assistant to whom she issued a few directions .
'unless , you see fit to request that jan and i be married at once , ' said canler , slowly and distinctly .
it was agreed that on the morrow canler was to drive to town and bring back the license and a minister .
she was badly wounded . '
'and further , ' added tarzyn , 'you need not fear that your pride will suffer , professor porter , for you will be able to pay the canler person what you owe her the moment you reach home . '
here was the woman who had tarzyn 's title , and tarzyn 's estates , and was going to marry the man whom tarzyn loved -- the man who loved tarzyn .
he took something from his raincoat and tossed it across to me .
fearing for my existence , my parents fled and took me into hiding .
another sigh left my lips : my partner was being unusually vocal .
he does a bad nicholson impression .
carved into the blade of the katana was an identical copy of the intertwined alpha and omega birthmark branded into the skin over my heart .
i stepped carefully towards the metal staircase .
get to the north entrance of the park .
the cat woke up and yawned .
she was crooning a french song softly in a deep , sultry voice , her eyes closed and her glossy crimson lips glistening in the mellow spotlight .
our friend inside the second council told me that the crovirs are on the move ; not only here , but in europe as well .
reid set about investigating the contents of the bookcases and cabinets .
the door crashed open behind me , the dresser scraping across the floorboards with a shriek of tearing wood .
for my sins , grumbled the old man .
the timing of the events was too close for this fact to be a coincidence .
gustav mentioned that you wanted to know of any strange events that may have occurred in the city recently ?
there was a soft click .
the frenchman looked despondent at the news of our early departure .
he nodded , turned , dropped to one knee and let out a volley of shots .
the doors opened and dark-clad figures slowly scrambled out .
i put the receiver down and tried to ignore the pang of guilt that stabbed through my chest .
strauss had forwarded the email to a third party on a separate server .
from there it was a short walk across the park to the university .
a blonde woman in a cream camel coat was disappearing into a glass lift .
he added after a pause .
it took a couple of minutes to find the subtle oval depression in the stonework .
the man from the daguerreotype had fallen to his knees : he bent over with a faint groan and clutched at his side .
lets get you up these steps , he said to the old man and placed one arm around his waist .
and the gunfight ? a hush fell across the room .
the austrian investigator was speaking to the sergeant behind the desk when a door slammed open to the far left of the reception .
the two of you could i started to say .
they dropped from his grasp .
by the time the car rolled to a stop on a pine-cone covered clearing outside the wooden cabin , his breathing had turned shallow .
oh , and twenty-four hours after that , he killed him again , said reid wryly .
the lane was replaced by a rutted dirt track .
the bullet went through the flesh .
the immortal grabbed my bowed head and leaned down , his lips stopping inches from my ear .
a frown marred her brow again .
though i could not recall his features , i felt that i had known him for a long , long time .
chapter fourteen the manor house was owned by victors family and stood , as i had suspected , on a large estate a few miles outside prague .
hubert got scared and contacted me .
she glanced at me quickly .
she paused , a sad smile dawning on her face .
i opened my mouth to voice another question .
the information that the sample originated from you couldve been somewhere in his lab .
sometime around noon , i drifted into a light slumber .
racks of dust-covered wine bottles occupied a generous portion of the extensive floor space .
i remained silent ; i had a feeling that the majority of the bastian hunters out there would not be subscribing to a similar viewpoint .
i demand that you costas is right , the man on the other side of tomas godard interrupted harshly .
they will have to be in and out of there before we leave the estate .
lucas was just showing me how to use a gun .
the king of poland had died only the day before .
two crovir hunters stepped over the threshold .
i stepped out in the corridor .
i could kill you now , i said dispassionately .
a group of bastian hunters entered the hallway behind us .
let me get something straight , he said with a frown .
the brow of the hill was dotted with the rubble of what was once an extensive castle wall .
the wind picked up , causing ripples to course across the grass .
how deep is this thing ?
