that 's how the first mutan was created .
it seems that he wanted us to stay here permanently .
leaving suvan to steady our barricade of boxes , i quickly went over to the grate .
the ancients must have used these tunnels to move air through the building .
but still the beast kept on coming , the appendages moving at a terrific rate .
but right now we have other concerns than his morality .
i know a few words .
several times the rope went taut , causing her to slow until i could gain another foothold .
i would have no chance against such numbers .
the walls were painted white and so was the closed door .
the mujadeen grow weaker with each passing year .
was all that i could say .
there is nothing to be sorry for , i said crossly .
and praise allah for safeguarding you from harm .
when had finished , he said , you see the two hills here .
ive seen what they can do , just as you did when they beat you in battle .
back in the city , i read the note that you were carrying .
her hair was pulled back and kept in place with a hair clip .
long white socks and tennis shoes added to the school girl effect .
ill contact you through melodie .
the book is also about the adventures me and my friend dave had while exploring the limits of idiocy .
he got called home as a hero after a two year service enlistment .
the doctor actually put us up to it , saying he would stop doing things like this , so we thought hey thats a good idea so we did it .
i let dave take the wheel and we almost wound up 3000 miles away from home because he took a wrong turn .
at least i am smart enough not to kick any mules .
piss and stuff land all over his five thousand dollar suit .
well , his school made him do it , more or less .
of course like a fool he shouted gas !
i then trick him again , then inform him his soul is now property of my dog kringle , to which he is alarmed greatly .
either that or shes a ho and just got mad at tony to cover up , whatever .
so if he sees eds name in here he should not laugh , because he is literally next , and they did the same damn thing it seems .
i do not understand why anyone would want this on themselves , let alone why this desire is starting to be a trend , or so it seems .
frat groups dont form on community colleges they told him , and spilled beer on him then they left .
if youre found guilty , you will be sentenced to be a moron for 5 years hard time .
of course , im wondering why the hell they care , but i dont complain as i get carried away .
he ( dave ) went as luigi , i went as mario , the suitcase guy went as toad , and some random chick from the crowd decided to be the princess peach .
the gay guys followed him there too .
however , he could be arrested for it , which he was .
he said his uncle charges him for every minute after 11 he came in , which he was late by about 15 minutes that night , about the time where he gets locked out .
i mixed in the hot sauce , dave did the vinegar .
so later i ask her to sleep with me when shes sober .
i told him hes got a lawyer acting on his behalf .
he eventually became a bum and moved to california , nah just kidding he had to go to another school next semester though .
nah just playing hes not gay in the least .
so he goes to jail .
the guys finally figured it out when one decided to give up drugs and give his life to jesus .
this is throwing away the life of someone who might turn around , or isnt really hurting anyone but themselves .
i mean they are supposed to be an example to us , but this is possibly why people cant stay out of trouble , because of the politicians hypocrisy .
surely i would have noticed him if he were in one of my classes .
the man puts his hand , palm forward , against ryans chest .
yes , you should have tried .
he asked with his trademark smirk .
the driver doesnt say anything , but the color ratchets around him , bright along the edges .
the enforcers voice echoes into the trees .
strange smells cloud the room , and something is buzzing loud as a swarm of bees .
he is leaning back on his elbows .
revenge would surely be beneath you , but not me .
what they found was dr. cook .
he looks up , clicks off his window .
i can remember in perfect detail all the blood soaking tarrens shirt last night .
same nose , and she has this way of looking at you .
strong , steady energy behind it .
not when my hands are growing hot , and i must make a mental effort to keep the skin on my palms from rolling back .
he closes his eyes and waits , and the shame comes like a sudden rain soaking right through me .
he had not one bad habit that got on my nerves .
the paint is peeling and rust eats its way up the gutters .
all the lines on their faces come from the smiles they wear .
i pounce onto another branch then clutch one above and swing myself easily around and up onto my feet .
an old couch stands in the corner , stained and frayed and looking like it would be comfortable on the porch of a frat house or hanging out on any local curb .
bingo , yahtzee , and connect four .
i was in your apartment when grand snatched you .
* * * i make it back in time to pass tarrens morning bed check .
the other noises of the day are a choir of disjointed notes that im learning to sort and dim as best i can .
tarren knew it was suicide , but he would follow tammy to the gates of hell if thats where she wanted to go .
one glance at his energy field , and i know that i can beat him .
when i close my eyes , i can see her face perfectly , the way it was in the beach photograph on the bookshelf in my bedroom .
hell have us out the door and on the road in ten minutes .
hes right ; books are so much better than people .
words like murder , danger , blood , bullets , bat shit insane .
his face gives nothing away , but his body does .
its her dream of dreams .
i am briefly distracted by a two-tiered pool disappearing into a grove of lush plants .
keep searching for new hits , tarren tells his brother .
my oversized heart is pounding so hard that i wonder how it doesnt shake this donut to pieces .
karen is harder , because there is a lot to apologize for and a lot of resentment to try and hose off .
i sigh , and gabe sighs , and tarren takes his hand off the gun at his waist .
i hadnt realized how far id gone , and i quickly make my way back .
hurts like a bitch right ?
i have to sit down on the bed and plunge my hot hands deep into the comforter .
what we can do is present a more tempting target .
the boys aura unleashes bright canary yellows and whites , and in response , every muscle i have clenches hard .
he looks up at me through the messy bangs of his wet hair , and those honey-colored eyes are intent in his pale face .
a part of me is fighting this , but her words are papery whispers .
no one is on second life anymore .
francesca dove in and saved me .
gabe turns to me and explains , whenever we have a stationary angel , i use an algorithm to put together a list of likely suspects in the area based on the angel mo we talked about old , white , male and rich .
i want to kill grand more than anything in the world .
at the gate , the guardhouse is empty .
they want to watch football and drink beer .
and perhaps our own need to leave something important behind .
