for me there is a certain sense of contrivance connected with doing so .
holt studied up on it and took to whittling .
you dont have to ask mom anything .
you asked , i said .
the fellow mumbled something , took my credit card and handed me two keys .
a bit of a pain sometimes , but im not looking to trade her in .
but caddo lake isnt like that .
holt looks better than i thought he would .
she had mousy , silvered hair piled up on top of her head in a tight bun and had a pair of silver-rimmed spectacles perched forward on her long , narrow hawk-nose .
but there are more pictures to see .
jacks company was ahead of schedule .
a highway that is going nowhere .
small towns with quaint names passed on by .
a familiar smell , but i couldnt place it right off , it was so foreign to the dark woods around us .
once he had on a pair of old blue jeans and a checkered shirt he sat down on the ground and carefully put on a pair of socks and pair of brogan boots and laced them up carefully .
when we were within fifty feet of the jeep we squatted behind a thick clump of yaupon that grew amid a stand of scrub oak .
there was no such attempt .
as i recall , he didnt really trust me .
make somebody a good wife some day .
tell julie i love her .
apparently , he couldnt handle the strain .
maybe were ... too dangerous down here ?
`` do n't you know ? ''
she was torn between a desire to shake his soundly , and a desire to caress him .
he was frightened , and the sensation was new to valerian of the red sisterhood .
she attributed to it characteristics similar to her own , and saw in its wrath a counterpart of her rages , in its roars and bellowings merely reptilian equivalents to the curses she had bestowed upon it .
`` no cattle , no plowed fields , '' muttered conyn .
`` i 'm gonig to sit here and rest my feet . ''
she was writhing in the impatience of apprehension .
even with the thought he stumbled over something that felt like a human skull .
i could only await the stroke .
the dragons had devoured all her companions , but she had been taken into the city to dwell in servitude .
valerian found his indifferent callousness more repugnant than tascela 's naked ferocity .
valerian awoke suddenly on his couch .
it seemed to come from a great depth , but human words were faintly distinguishable , and the voice was that of a man .
they had no breath left to shout , but a bestial mad howling rose from their lips .
`` it 's the thing i slashed on the stair , '' grunted conyn .
but there was nothing else but to attempt it .
`` your guest does not like your wine , tascela , '' spoke a cool , sardonic voice .
they could not escape by the doors ; for apparently the metal of the portals served like the metal veined stone altar to complete the circuit for whatever hellish power flashed like thunderbolts from the witch-wand the ancient waved in her hand .
the stranger was clad like herself in regard to boots and breeks , though the latter were of silk instead of leather .
with a few strokes she cut a pair of saplings nine or ten feet long , and denuded them of their branches .
these were now hurrying to join the morbid crowd gathered about the litter at the gate .
twisting her head away from the ghastly spectacle , she became aware that another post stood near her -- a stake painted black as was the one to which she was bound .
the shaman cried out shrilly , and with an ear-shattering roar the monster sprang .
they ca n't track us by torchlight , and there are a score of paths leading from the village .
conyn turned , squatted and with her knife began scratching a curious symbol in the mold .
lying among them they could see the jungle below without being seen .
they went to the ground together , rolling over and over .
`` soft-bellied fools sitting on velvet cushions with naked girls offering them iced wine on their knees. -- i know the breed .
a few moments later they were looking on a hideous sight .
a man 's voice answered her .
conyn moved out of the shadows , scowling .
they butchered nine of us then and there .
i slid out of bed and walked across a cold hardwood floor .
still looking at the calendar , i wondered why dub would do such a thing .
all i know is bobby pattersons as windy as the month of march .
this allowed our foolish desire to go to the blue hole to win out over moms long-term proven logic .
dub was taking in everything around us .
i jerked my hand away as a blackberry vine grabbed hold of my pant leg and tore a hole in my blue jeans .
dub walked around in front of me and stared into my eyes .
i picked up the pace to get ahead of him again .
when nothing happened , i looked at little brother and to my surprise ; he had a twinkle in his eye and seemed to have become friendly .
i picked up a burning leaf and touched the flame to the kerosene-soaked wick .
how many times do i have to tell you that ?
i pulled my sweat-soaked shirt away from my chest and my skin felt clammy .
dub asked , as i continued to look up at the sky without saying a word .
that should scare the snakes away .
once a good blaze was going , i laid on half dozen larger sticks and limbs .
i walked over and sat down on a big rock directly across from dub and looked at him through the dancing flames .
i dropped my fire poker stick and threw my hands up in the air .
lets flip to see who goes in after it .
you know i always plan ahead .
was there an old man hovered around a fire behind our tent last night , or was i dreaming ?
i bent over so the bottom of the pole would scrape along the gravel and i stepped up the pace .
i jumped up and looked at the river again .
you wouldnt even go inside to look for yourself .
what ill do if hes not out front is go inside after him , thats what ill do .
thats where doodle pretended his flashlight burned out .
plus , youre my brother and i couldnt leave you alone .
just gradually put a little more weight down on your foot .
i looked up at the top of the bluff and remembered doodles dream where a big rock tumbled from the top and smashed the two of us to smithereens .
maybe we better go back through the woods .
i lowered my voice , hoping to sound extra tough .
i grabbed dub by the arm and shook him good .
dub wiped the sweat from his eyes .
dub sounded upset , and for good reason .
yeah , i believe him .
before i could say anything , dad looked over at me and shook his head .
as it turned out , it was the most significant thing anyone asked all day .
can you see any gravel or fish or not ?
it only took a few seconds to get the good old feeling of confidence back .
it made me feel like i was floating on air .
there were spiders and snakes in the summer who liked to share the outhouse with us humans and once a opossum was waiting inside because the door had blown open and he was seeking shelter from the winters day .
they keep slipping off my feet .
haleton slipped back into the shadow of the doorway .
the noise placed the man deeper into the dark crevasses of his mind where hed lose all logical thinking and go completely insane .
youre kidneys will feel bruised .
for a couple of antagonistic minutes each of the black hooded figures stood in front of the prisoners before walking off .
you will never drink or sleep , only the blood of the guilty will you consume .
