the specialist looked down at the parchment for a moment to read .
he turned him on his back and asked calmly are you mad with me ?
alex dug inside his bag and maneuvered the bowl out from the remaining apples .
a debt is owed and i owe you my life , we can become friends .
just before it became light the three of them woke up and packed their things .
you are searching for someone with the symbol similar to this ring , correct ?
they left the confines of the trees just as daylight broke the nights hold on the sky .
marlin was still stunned by the front door .
now just wait a moment .
she has been found guilty of disobeying a direct order and killing her commanding officer .
they were walking down the street like a menacing curtain of red .
once he made it a step closer in his direction the two men behind him closed the gap once again .
soft fur offered support where it was most needed for a male rider .
alex stood up and found a dirt patch .
marlin began telling a short story .
he smiled as he learned how the blacksmith was killed .
his beak had a slight curve and his tongue rubbed the edge of the beak .
he then demonstrated by grabbing a stick and putting it in the decapitated mouth .
what was about to come to pass would undoubtedly be their untimely end .
alex remembered what he thought about , just moments before being impaled .
they all watched in amazement as a single root erupted , straight out of the ground .
we were saved because of your talent .
there are many paths that all lead to the prison in central city .
during the night marlin asked do you want to shave before you go to sleep ?
during the night , when they needed a break , marlin asked shade for permission to spar with alex .
on the side of her throat was a large purple bruise that had only recently begun to heal .
while rotating effortlessly in the air he brought the xeal staff around to intercept .
they sprinted through the trees for another hour , making many false trails should the trackers somehow follow , and since shades weight had increased with his riders and large size , alex was forced to cover the tracks being left behind .
he handed over the knife and the soap .
marlin was trying his best to not laugh as he held her up .
marlin took the hint and sat next to his friends side .
shades hunting is still better than ever shade said that he didnt find any trackers coming in their direction , but their escape had stirred the entire city like a hornets nest .
once his brown eyes met alexs he neighed happily .
you just relax and look pretty .
this item has been attached to my body since the day i was first born and will never come off .
ive never seen it nor have many others .
i like the sensations of the ground .
alex , what shade , i need some time alone .
it was livid in shouting get back here human !
the normally alert golden eyes of his remained closed .
her claws were dangerous , but not as long as her counterpart .
everyone went to sleep on a good note .
all they asked was how much it would take to get across the lake , but they only saw two people with no money and in worn travelers clothes .
answer me this one question .
i have been stationed here for several years to aid those who need to get deeper into alluan .
once he was content for the night it was time to make up the last stall for the two of them .
someone had a great night .
it took several minutes to finally get out of the thick bushes and onto the trail that led down to the expansive lake .
she finally looked more like herself and less like a worn traveler .
our journey to alluan was back on .
do you have anything youd like to know from me ?
kallels ship looked more like a bath toy rather than a transport boat in comparison .
if the ship failed them now they would all be capable of swimming to shore .
he then reached down and retrieved the still standing staff .
she walked up to the two reluctantly .
you only get one more chance to tell the truth .
now let me tell you what she has been through to come here , knowing her past deeds .
lily was by far the strongest woman he has ever met .
the little boy looked to be four or five years of age and his clothes were dirty from playing all day .
he was sweaty and smelled like he has been dealing with horses all day .
there were more healers here than alex has ever thought possible .
alex told shade the good news as she went on .
a few minutes later the woman returned with a huge circular tray with slabs of sliced meat which was two hands thick and a wooden bowl of berries was balanced atop the meat .
his arms were twice as bulky as alexs and his neck seemed too thick to be possible on a man .
he can both read and write so dont even speculate that he is an ignorant fiend .
while they walked , general rakkian asked alex questions , mainly about his uncle .
it was also one he could use for himself since they are both staff users .
the rider had a firm grip on his item and when shade jerked , quinn was knocked off balance .
his axe had been dropped during alexs strike and their powerful collision .
i can not believe my former enemy is going to help .
alex , will you and your companions please accompany me to my palace ?
the roof held a stone railing and there were posted guards looking over the city , searching for any signs of danger .
besides the buttresses outside the first room , they had several stone pillars supporting the upper floors .
off to either side of the back of the room were two doorways that led somewhere else .
the generals tone became sad and distant .
ripping him in half with his bare hands would be the least of his worries do any of you know how to temper him ?
his strangeness had a name now .
she walked between rakkian and allahandra and sat her covered tray on the table and pushed it as far away as she could , towards the center of the table .
how would i ever be able to face ?
there was nothing to be seen except ones reflection .
lily simply nodded , her penetrating amethyst irises focused upon him .
he trotted to the bed , smelled it and then easily walked on it .
she had actually wanted to hold his hand , but he didnt know in what way so he just let her hold it .
it was great loosing up all of the tired stiffness .
they are much more thrilling than dealing with the everyday problems that accompany my station .
alex couldnt fathom how one could collect so many books , let alone keep them in such an ideal condition .
we can not allow the royal guard to find an easy food supply .
if i say anything that seems disrespectful please forgive my ignorance for i mean no ill will .
alex then shifted his words to help others understand .
they were twins in their early forties and looked exactly alike .
they were quickly introduced to an older woman who was truly intimidating .
the twins got off shades back with alexs help .
i found out that the leader of the military contingent was an old enemy of ours .
she shifted her bottom on the bed so she could see him better and he noticed she was wearing one of her old sets of clothes .
i dont see why not , but if i may ask , what are you going to do ?
there was one artifact that the queen inherited from her forefathers , but it was just too enormous to move .
finally , there was something in the generals earlier stories that made alex think , but what could it be ?
he planted his right leg so it could support the explosive move .
she needed to focus on her patient , pushing worrying thoughts aside .
alex pursed his lips as he forced another breath out of his lungs , but something else happened when he tried communicating his brothers name .
