in fact , as bad as things seem right nowand i know this is going to sound strangei cant help but feel that god is holding us all in his palm .
his left arm , broken in two places , was strapped awkwardly to his chest .
i told seamus something awful bad mustve happened .
she stood up and jerked open the curtain across the window in the room which looked out over the front yard and the entrance to the house .
dead or alive , although please alive , but in any case please let me find him so i can help dierdre say her goodbyes .
i told you , the one man said .
there is something , sarah admitted .
the last thing she remembered seeing before a large dirty hand clapped over her face and eyes was the gypsy she had shot coming out of the building .
quickly , gavin unhooked the horses from the wagon , pushed them into the barnnot bothering to find a stalland shut the door .
she watched him hungrily as he walked the camp , staying mostly with donovan and gavin .
after a pause , donovan broke into a wild laugh that had the approaching group of men and women walk even faster toward them .
she came off but got right back on and finished the course .
he wondered for a minute if he really cared about such things .
i really appreciate everything youve done for me .
sarah stood next to him and looked down on the table .
he turned and clapped young conor on the shoulder and handed him the wine bottle .
ill drag you behind me all the way if i have to but neither of usll be happy about it .
sarah nodded and watched him with concern .
gavin insisted on being in the lead .
i didnt find im , mack , he mumbled .
i coulda , though , mom .
go to hell , he said .
the people they stole that food from are long gone , he told her .
# # the last roman book one in the ongoing praetorian series by edward crichton copyright 2012 smashwords edition this ebook is licensed for your enjoyment only and is not to be shared , reproduced , resold , or altered in any way .
russia had been getting stronger for years under its overzealous leaders , and that thanksgiving set into motion a chain of events that would later lead to another world war .
north korean tank divisions rolled south with little impediment to their progress and their navy blockaded the peninsula .
i roughed it out , went through seal qualification training , jump school , sniper school , and so on .
the old man sitting behind the desk smiled and kept me holding the salute for a few seconds before waving me off .
most soldiers , even when off duty , portrayed slightly more poise and discipline while on station , but what really shocked me was that i knew this guy , and his lackadaisical attitude immediately made sense .
in all my time in the military , i couldnt remember many men who matched him in size .
i opened the case and pulled out my closest ally and true love , my hk416 gen ii assault rifle , penelope , as i had named her .
i inspected the mans face , but couldnt find any evidence to prove he was any older than thirty five .
youre quite the renaissance man , hunter .
just another distraction to deal with .
she sniffled , before her voice rose angrily .
he utilized his stylus again , enlarging the image to encompass the port and town , highlighting the predicted route in red .
even if they did manage to separate from the sub , the controls had an automatic shut off if separated from the pilot .
the thought of my troublesome friend brought my eyes across the aisle , where i found him already looking at me , flicking his eyes in billings direction , then over at helena , giving me another one of his annoying smiles .
i couldnt tell her quite yet .
the war had no end in sight , and it would do me some good to serve , as the president had suggested , a higher power .
seven of these dots were currently spread out in a line , pulsing green , indicating life signs were nominal .
it looked like my old dorm room .
i looked at the man as he struggled , noticing foam seeping through the tape on his mouth , and eyes that didnt seem to focus on anything .
my passengers in back were now at a disadvantage , and were reduced to keeping their heads down and hanging on for dear life .
i have no idea , i responded to myself .
he was a great man , hunter .
at least , i think i do .
i saw the men from inside kneeling before a dozen armed men , wearing plain white togas and wielding swords and shields , torches illuminating their stone cold expressions .
historians are conflicted on the matter , though .
vincent paused , seeing caligulas skeptical expression .
the formulas and science behind it went well over my head , but the concepts and fundamentals always lined up pretty easily .
so , youre saying that the sphere , like the rubber band , has its physical existence stretched through time , and when activated , will find a way back to when it was originally activated ?
its alcohol content was extremely high , which worked well to fight off bacteria .
it was known as the spina , which acted very much like the vertebrae of the field .
they were in for one hell of a surprise .
it didnt , and i eventually realized there was nothing i could do to convince vincent .
it may do more harm than good .
so , as we sat on the capitoline hill , with the temple of jupiter behind us and the tiber river running south in front of us , i recounted my sad story .
ive never killed anyone with the fifty .
so i spent most of my time exploring the city on my own .
does everything come down to physical violence with you ?
i opened my arms in a mirror gesture of his own .
tall , blond , good looking , but mentally deranged at best .
any reason i may have had to trust you is gone .
vincent started moving toward his room .
moving through the atrium and main foyer , complete with a simple , but elegant fountain , we made our way into caligulas bedroom , which , like the rest of the house , was nearly empty .
something had been nagging me from the very beginning , ever since we were told about an equipment cache .
when they reach the house , stay low , and well fire over you .
what is it americans say ?
gaius was older , and a slightly better soldier .
you hear that , strauss ?
it would do little except stall the enemy a little longer .
ancient battles could take days , and while this one wouldnt last that nearly that long , i did everything i could to even up the sides .
as we walked , we had the eyes of the legion all over us .
after the incident in the teutoburg forest , i knew i couldnt let the fate of a legion rest on their commander alone .
it was thin and light , and while warm , i suspected id still need to borrow some roman blankets for the winter .
as soon as i witnessed the harassment , i snatched the legionnaires wrist in a quick motion and turned it in a direction it wasnt designed to rotate in .
quintilius took the promotion graciously and professionally , and even though i knew he was booming with pride and happiness , he never let on that he wasnt doing anything but his duty .
you have a right to know .
we had no idea you would be the key to getting us here .
wang , emerging from his own tent , noticed my predicament , and came over to help , a steaming cup of tea in his hand .
they will be very useful .
it was also cut in a low fashion along her chest , revealing ample cleavage .
interesting that claudius chose nero for his name even now , right ?
i didnt want to become the kind of person who couldnt or wouldnt rely on anyone .
he held what i assumed were pain killers .
are you sure youre all right ?
youve done it before , but maybe my drugged up state has given me some advanced powers of observation , but the way you said it just clicked .
the via appia , aurelia , cassia , claudia valeria , flaminia , salaria , and other smaller ones were all roads that passed through rome , and each needed to be blocked .
as i passed by them , they offered me friendly , but tired greetings , mostly paying me little attention .
this must be decided on the battlefield .
the man loved his firepower .
both thousand man cohorts were split in half , and lined up five men deep , and a hundred abreast , forming four blocks .
after securing our gear for todays battle , wed retrieved the ghilli suits we had been working on for the past two months , and went to lay the field .
ive already sent my cavalry to support them for fear that the sheer weight of that militia will come crashing down on my legion .
however , modern testing had proven that to create iron soft enough to bend but not break after it impacted a nine centimeter thick scutum was nearly impossible .
i was about to tell the smaller man off and inform him just how lucky he was to have our help , when i saw a runner approaching quickly from the right .
the only thing exceptional enough to draw the attention of the entire legion had to be caligula .
helena tried to struggle against his grip , fighting to pry loose his hand with her own , but as tough as she was , there was little she could do .
as augustus had said , romans , lords of the world , the toga-wearing race , only roman citizens could wear them .
