the year i turned five my little sister arrived and from the day of her birth forward i had to share my relationship with baba and pa with her ; and from her first day in the hospital she became just sister to us .
we need to be just like the boy scouts : be prepared , he softly said with a slight wry chuckle under his breath .
sister had a dance recital in birmingham and i had planned on spending the night with baba and pa .
now i had a clear shot at the safe room and the opportunity to begin phase i of the plan .
lying in the mud , dazed and bleeding from the nose and ears , he forced himself back up and continued to administer to the wounded .
pa had arrived with our supper ; i began eating a taco , covering it with hot sauce when i felt i needed to say something , hey pa !
i also knew these were army folders because one said : military personnel records jacket united states army if found mail in nearest u.s. post office or mail box .
leaving the m-60 allowed lighter , faster movement but reduced much needed firepower , if required .
their captors grabbed sarge and pulled both his arms behind his back despite the obvious pain this caused to his wounded side .
i recognize that uniform ! !
the little vc looked up at sarge and grinned .
or pac toul was , but he knew the colonel was pissed off .
oh no , this cant be heaven , it must be hell ! !
im glad to hell hes dead ... the only good russian is a dead russian , you remember that little lesson , son .
yes , corporal , scarburg annoyingly said , what is it ?
no fng ( f**king new guy ) , especially a civilian is coming with me !
the effects of the daylight dimming was the only proof that the shining beacon that lets us distinguish night from day was , in fact , taking away the day and bringing on the night .
by eating those foods , the idea was to cleanse their bodies of the american food and thereby eliminating that peculiar american odor .
the ceiling was blackened with soot from hundreds of fires from other strangers , such as themselves , whom possibly , had also sought temporary shelter from the perils of countless previous storms .
at once the men recognized it !
after intense questioning and eliminating the yes from all sams answers , the captain came to the following conclusions that he wanted his men to know .
he did not know who they were but he said something weird he said their uniforms looked shiny white but if he could guess he said he would guess they were russians .
they wanted to get us caught in a crossfire .
each would stick the bayonet into the wet dirt and feel for the knifes touch on something metallic ( the mine ) .
the stairs began at the gorgeous floor level and graciously curved to the luxuriant upper mezzanine .
speaking , this time , in vietnamese di ra ( come out ) , still he was getting no reply ; however , he did hear some movement behind the door .
oh yeah , and i hold a black belt in karate !
no it was sitting on legs four of them .
do you have any idea what it is about ?
as sarge walks back through the hole imitating the front door , he flicks his un-smoked cigarette butt out into the front yard and thinks , i hope this isnt more atom particle junk , they ought to understand by now i dont grasp nothin about such stuff !
we are working on a disc right now that 'the silver men say will be able to be used over and over and they termed it a cd-rw , read and write .
they are filed by their names or titles .
yep , from now on you are tinker .
her lithe legs bent wrong , backwards until her heels touched the crown of her head .
crow loved to make fun of tommy 's stutter .
by the look on sean 's face patrick knew he saw the downside to that plan .
jack slid into the water avoiding the steps because a family was sitting there .
elizabeth absolutely intended to re-position the slump stone blocks on the wall so well it would even make his freehand work on the other courses look less .
she edged her wheelchair closer to kathleen .
`` some meat for the pups . ''
`` give us a chance .
retirement was too hard alone .
`` come on , drink it , '' jack said , setting the cup down with authority in front of patrick .
whenever irene heard dee 's voice she felt the trepidation as if dee were a high strung poodle which had learned to talk .
`` what do we do now ? ''
this one could be buried in the past .
a dog , that 's all , a simple dog .
getting full of himself , are n't you , punk ? ''
tommy looked back to the doorway , sensing he no longer needed to freeze .
i think you watch too many of those cable channels and i think you miss your husband a lot and you 're very lonely . ''
maddie clamped her mouth shut and stalked off to the kitchen .
as if reading her mind , sam added `` it 's all spelled out in the warranty . ''
`` of course , they always are you know .
`` i do n't know . ''
don go in his room no more .
he 'd made his pitch the best he could .
going back to jail would have been a third strike in california ; more if anybody checked in montana .
a little hardened powder remained on the bottom so she scratched at it with her chewed fingernail for several minutes .
maybe in my mind his work is merely a service industry and my architecture and artwork is a place i see above his waterline .
he heard father john recoil and hit his head against the opposite silk window frame .
`` i 'll think about it .
`` oh , you have to see them , they 've grown so much , '' laureen said as she pushed ahead to pull the bolt from the latch securing the swinging metal gates .
she leaned forward trying to free herself from the wheelchair by stretching the taut rope that held her arms in place .
it was something neither jack nor patrick had known .
laureen smiled and then her grey eyes clouded .
sean brayed , throwing his head back so she could see the silver backside of his new teeth .
if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
someday i will stand in the light .
when he had arrived at the imperial chambers , overcome with guilt and shame , to ask what he had done to deserve this punishment , he had been turned away .
yet , he lived here so she was bound to see him .
* * * the prince woke to a dull ache in his head and too bright of a light shining on his closed eyelids .
he spun to his feet once more , only to find the girls second dagger pressed against his throat .
the girl straightened up and also eyed the prince , with a bold , frank audacity that was simply infuriating .
the question might be something of great import to her that gave away little .
what are you doing , tomaz ?
the prince , who all his life had been inclined to introversion , had no complaints .
he was a whirlwind of steel .
the watchman moved so quickly the prince didnt even know what happened , but he was thrown through the air .
yet , he couldnt seem to muster up the energy to do anything about it .
could it be that his mother had engineered this after all ?
he related to people , empathized with them , and wanted them to be better .
how will you earn our trust ?
very good , princeling , the giant said with a huge smile , for all the world looking like the proud parent of a precocious infant .
the way she spoke , it was as if death was nothing to him .
numb , that was perhaps the best way to put it .
there was nowhere else for him to go .
tomaz should be back any time now .
princes do not feel fear .
a guard dropping his sword was not his problem .
it led both right and left , but the left fork ended abruptly in a large brick wall between two houses further down .
the door swung open on oiled hinges ; he crossed the threshold , and slammed it shut behind him , locking himself in darkness .
he wanted to lose his mind , but some last shred of himself - whoever he was - kept him clinging to sanity .
not two seconds later , the prince was left only with the manacles and a bit of chain hanging from each .
in a matter of seconds , all twelve were down , unconscious .
that journey had been defined by his need to escape from the same exiles who were now his one chance of survival .
surface slice , she said , just need a stitch or two .
you are not weak because you are grateful .
when i left the fortress , i was detected and followed .
hed been so blindingly angry that all hed really done was knock her to the ground and give her a good amount of bruises .
the prince slowly realized that she was trying to have a genuine conversation with him , and was so taken aback that he spoke hastily .
