how many warders and how well armed ?
give us 20 minutes to get ourselves into position and dispose of the van john .
nevertheless it was difficult to predict what desperate men like garside would do when pushed to the limit , so they needed to be prepared .
stop right there fella , what are you doing out at this time of night ?
im so glad youve come , youre a sight for sore eyes .
the stapo have had him in their sights for a number of months now and he had to go on the run .
arrange it that you only collect them on the day we need them .
sorry janice but you really dont want to know so if you dont mind lets just leave it there .
im not sure yet tony , but given the level of intelligence they appear to have and their organisation my guess is that they are renegade state police officers .
the whole battle group was split amongst the five sectors that needed to be frequently moved .
we need to get air in here quickly .
he is going on tv tonight to make an announcement and hopes that he can turn public opinion against you .
*** terry bayliss laid out his plan on how he would disable or rather destroy the cio data store .
alan instructed his men , reduce the detonation time to 5 minutes and move out as soon as you have done that .
his dilemma was that in hitting the economy he would also jeopardise jobs .
they kept their masks on as they crossed the road towards the waiting escort troop .
it is essential that when we have mr harper under our control he is to be moved smoothly and swiftly to notting hill gate .
i need to know if my visit to them will be worth my time .
mason waited for a response from his boss .
edward rose and warmly shook johns hand .
he was reluctant because this was more dangerous and there would not be the back up they had the first time .
paramedics and a doctor were summoned .
a slurred voice shouted from an open office just the other side of the reception desk what do you want , were not open , now get the fuck out of here before i come over and kick you out .
an armed guard stood outside the door .
i dont understand how any of us could have let it get this far .
ill leave the details to you .
you are my succession plan and you must seek out others that you trust and make them your successors .
i will brief the first minister when the changes are well under way .
i promise you i will not initiate an action against you or your men .
he was summoned to garsides office once again .
jd and his men were covertly spread out and continued to observe through their night vision sights .
as he was garsides right hand man garside would be weakened by the loss of this support .
heads instantly snapped to a rigid vertical position .
moral was high and john was surprised given the losses they had suffered recently .
john had decided to take mason to chancery lane deep shelter where there was a suitable holding cell for his guest .
how long have you both been in the service ?
after reading it , he laughed and dismissively threw the letter on the table .
those questions would be answered when he was ready and not before .
despite our numbers we would be no match against the military in a major confrontation .
then he screamed , louder than he ever had before .
twenty-seven , repeated the foreign voice .
you are a bit different than our usual volunteers .
one that we can solve together .
she was somewhere in the middle ; sort of chubby , but cute .
just dont invite all your friends to carpool , or something .
emberlee dug her elbow into his ribs and lowered herself back down , and said nothing until they finally reached kallinda and were sent through .
the kid wasnt paying attention to him .
jesse , there never was a boy with a knife .
youre always complaining about how you hate school and teachers and how irritating your schoolmates are , and im glad youre starting to open up , but somethings going on .
so what did you do to get those things after you ?
the screen said the call was ended , but the entire conversation made no sense .
it growled again , this time a sound like a thick angry buzz , and threw its head back .
emberlees hair flew free from her pins , blowing wildly around her scrunched-up face .
three hours , jesse thought slowly .
i didnt mean with magic , and stuff .
the sword dropped from the girls hand .
well , wherever you go , theres always going to be only one of you , ashton answered .
or are you incapable of understanding ?
ashton clenched his jaw and squeezed his eyes shut .
when the dudes at the hospital took my eye , i requested my fake eye to be white , so everyone sorta knew i couldnt see through that eye .
so , shes finally been found .
okay , now you try it on zander , edana told him .
zander raised a brow , surprised at this question , and set his mug back down on the table .
every time her crying had started to subside before , the words would echo in her head , auntie is gone , and send her into another torrent .
ashton stepped back , allowing jesse time to pull himself up by the fence and settle back into his fighting stance .
everything is gon na be fine .
arent you the least bit worried ?
zander blinked , wishing he could see his girlfriend in the blackness .
it was always my favourite when i was nine .
he lifted it in both hands and waited , feet braced .
jesse closed his eyes to concentrate on listening .
a laugh rang through ashtons chest , into him , and before he was ready ashton settled his feet onto the sand .
jesse halted a few steps ahead of him and followed his gaze , but he saw nothing but the palm tree forest behind them and the sand that stretched onward to no end .
the stars had come out , blinking down on them .
the train were growing louder .
just one word , one minute of attention , and his protectiveness would take over , and for the most part hed regret it later .
because this is the last time were ever going to be here on this train .
mrs. bennetts room was right around the corner .
who made you do what ?
you have to think harder .
slowly , jesse backed away .
or maybe youll transport yourself straight to my gran and murder her right under my nose .
we may still find a use for those still alive in the imprisonment chambers , if i can persuade our prisoners to talk .
he nodded , all compliance .
she was justshes my grandma .
what exactly have you told him , partner ?
jesse grasped the barrel and snatched it away from her .
he looked so much happier , youthful , his face glowing .
then she smiled and shook her head .
the old place smelled of garbage and rust , which made jesses eyes water .
but he had no idea how he was going to do it .
ashtons eyes were still closed , his hands up behind his head .
he hated that ashton had to act like this .
the man had grabbed a pen and was fiddling with it , as though trying to distract himself from his stress .
the ride was jerky and harsh , and yet jesse felt a surge of power with every turn of the wheel , press of the accelerator , rattle of the stick shift , screech of rubber .
embers chest was heaving beneath the glittery neckline of her dress .
the guard did it to me , too .
hadnt your brilliant scientists drawn that conclusion yet ?
her knees collapsed , and she slumped against a nearby guard , who pushed her back upright .
jesse eyed him as he turned to leave .
his last eye , which , afterward , would make him blind .
at the friend he had been forced to leave behind .
he squinted at the tiny window that had opened up in the door , seeing the shadow of a skyrunners head on the iron gate .
all that power and energy with nowhere to go , nothing to do .
it is a sad fate but unavoidable , i suppose , if you are not willing to accept who you truly are .
feeling ashton curl up beside him , ragnar turned back .
a tendril of fear curled in ragnars stomach .
anything to make the emptiness go away .
conors voice broke through her turmoil like a ray of light .
although shed seemed brighter once theyd reached her apartment , shed soon slumped into despondency ; drifting into a dark place beyond claires reach .
im not going to do anything stupid .
is there even a starbucks in this town ?
claire glanced at kim , hoping to be able to pick her brains later , to see what she made of conor .
he was a different man from the one shed spoken to at the hospital .
mrs jenkins poured tea for herself and claire and the women sat at the table .
hi , im glad you answered .
what the hell happened , ruth ?
if not work , or children , or friends or lovers , then what ?
*** twenty-four claire looked at the neat stack of printed paper in front of her and smiled .
*** twenty-six claire smiled as the sun streaming in through the window , gently woke her ; warming her skin and sending sun fairies dancing across her eyelids .
she looked in the mirror , wondering whether to put plasters on her face or leave the wounds bare .
this is a beautiful part of the world .
the smaller tube housed a 66-mm rocket-shaped charge .
then retreat rapidly to safety before sergeant de mesa administered the coup de grace with his acquired toy .
he found the easiest thing , a microwave pizza .
local army officers reported these attacks as being instigated by muslim separatists or the npa .
the population was an equal mix of both faiths .
cory did have the people 's mandate and hopes early on and even had full military support at the very beginning .
she could not risk raul or the others being recognised and arrested .
warvic did not confide in him at all .
any impatient question of when the meeting with libyan official would occur might embarrass suraido .
she could now concentrate on ideas for re-arming her soldiers with newer personal weapons from local sources .
witnesses to identify the shooters were non-existent .
at least this way they were still following rules by not leaving the truck .
`` they 're here , '' he called out .
he would not be reporting his total loss .
some of warvic 's experienced hit squads managed three separate group assassinations in the two-hour period .
half the contract proceeds from the libyans for this last run had been paid .
`` if your bags are ready i 'll arrange for the boy to get a taxi and instruct the driver where to go . ''
he settled and covered his legs with the thick towel .
`` apparently the office opens at 8:00a.m. , '' said malou .
wondered where and in what situations his co-passengers would be in twelve months from now .
this could make external opposition over-confident .
the freshness of the sea-breeze was having the reverse of its usual effect on him .
felt good about being back .
`` aziz , what do you do to people who steal in your country ? ''
when he switched on the fluorescent lights a couple were flickering .
`` do you want to eat yet ? ''
`` yes , but i 'm from denmark , '' replied gunther .
after a while he gets so drunk he ca n't even walk .
she looked up and saw his wide smile .
he wanted to roll over and go back to the comfort of sleep .
ness sneaked a quick side glance at t.a. , he responded with a wink .
`` welcome , i 'm pleased you made it after all . ''
they lapsed into relaxed silence again .
he turned expecting malou at his side but she was not there .
instead of accompanying gunther , di and t.a. , she either stayed in the house or went to the restaurant .
`` yeah , might as well . ''
helmut asked , as though surprised at receiving guests at such a time .
their house is at the most northern end of the island near the spit .
it was as if they were trying to convince him of the advantages of it for the whole muslim movement .
both were in quezon city .
the guard was pleased the tournament finished earlier than he thought it would .
she had been unaware of their closeness and it made her feel uneasy .
running back to the maddigan house again she passed a tightly bound and still nude pater and ness being escorted toward the rest of the hostages .
she lifted her head to look .
it was as if they had been silenced one by one over a period of several minutes .
so were here to help in any way we can .
as soon as it got down to a small handful he would sneak down into the shallows and along to one of the bancas .
unsure of the exact source , he casually sauntered across the floor in t.a .
-- -- -- -- -- t.a .
while he was holding her he noticed a further group of six hooded guerillas arriving .
douglas maddigan sat staring without seeing .
their nervous movements were as if they were feeling they did not belong in such surroundings .
`` nothing , maybe she should have told you .
there was sufficient moon-light for him to see that the body had been removed .
domingo nodded at one of the others and headed into the restaurant .
`` o.k. , i 'll arrange that now , '' boy responded .
four japanese at the end of the tennis court were chatting away animatedly as they urinated through the wire toward the forest beyond .
one of helmut 's groups had been to the small barrio to tell them what was happening .
heidi knew from overhearing previous communications that the conversation was stilted if the manager was around , but flowed freely if he was absent .
she quickened her pace to move ahead of domingo .
`` it 's boy 's group , '' said dandan , `` they had their breakfast after we did . ''
`` o.k. , i 'll do a closer slower run , north to south this time .
orders about groups contacting , other than for emergencies , were to be strictly followed .
he remembered that fred always barked at the turkeys .
from panay , the libyans would make their own way to pre-arranged embarkation points .
those outside were cheering even though they did not know what the message meant .
maybe it would cause their whole operation to collapse .
it seemed his plan was going awry before it even began .
chapter 36 a nervous hide-a-way apuao grande t.a .
one of the filipinos who had remained with heidi muttered something in tagalog to domingo .
next he would examine the branches and vines overhead in case some snake was resting or ready to strike .
motive would aid his courage , though boy hoped it would not also cloud his judgement .
he had to assume heidi was talking in german .
she would use the period before the second call to arrange the departure of the 35 irregulars .
make it land on the path and i 'll know that something 's happening , '' replied pater .
felt guilty about that stupid thought .
`` no , '' t.a .
chapter 39 canton island helmut knew exactly where he was .
it had now dropped out of his sight .
but where was he waiting ?
she had probably been a pretty young thing .
in daet , several months before .
nodded and waited for pater to continue .
the libyans stayed silent for a few moments before beginning to talk among themselves in arabic .
in the small cabin , captain de mesa could see the boat officer was a young naval first lieutenant .
`` how did she look ? ''
he felt himself frowning , then as he realised what had happened he felt his whole body relax .
afp responses to the takeovers had varied widely , but most groups had inflicted some casualties on the different arms of the afp .
to attract the missiles heat seeking capabilities .
she saw from the expression on his face that something was wrong .
two more were waiting at the rocky strip where they had disembarked before dawn to guide any reinforcements when they arrived .
then watched as he briefly talked with , then , shook the hands of the only other remaining member of heidi 's group .
just as he was about to move out to help , a shadow on the path directly to his front caught his eye .
then she too entered , trying to remain a proper distance behind , then , realised helmut was barely two metres to her front and listening .
perhaps if i leave you to bleed to death there 'll be no problem . ''
the pain in his head was worse than any migraine he had ever suffered .
his main worry was how to explain the change of plans to his muslim allies .
raul would not be making contact with anyone on board the tramp .
the curtains jerked back in an overt display of theatre as a filipino in a traditional white doctor 's coat stepped through followed by the nurse .
he looked at them for a few seconds .
most are in western mindanao , the second largest island of the philippines .
the central government , they contend , exploit mindanao 's resources for manila , with little return to the mindanaons .
she 'd thought nothing of it until she found robin 's letters in the barn two mornings ago .
she averted her eyes for him and waited for his fingers to liberate her from the tree 's grasp .
for some reason , it sparked some kind of excitement she had n't felt about weaponry before .
you guys are a relatively small group .
the man said , a playful , almost carefree , smile sat on his lips .
harlow kept the thought in the back of her mind that if the two had become friends , like what seemed to be going on , he would hate her eventually .
he still held her blade between his index finger and thumb .
how ya ' holding up ?
then she slammed the whole side of her stick into his stomach .
i 'm acting belligerent ? !
she knew who it was before she turned to her right to face him .
robin raised an eyebrow when she did n't move for the defensive .
he reached one hand out to her , extending his help to her .
she let out a silent chuckle .
she snapped quickly , shaking her head , and holding up a hand to still him .
she thought the tone of his voice was endearing and sweet .
enders looked exhausted and harlow had come to notice his limp getting ever more prominent as he ran toward their spot .
she started to walk alongside him .
she said , looking down at her hands .
it was n't working for enders , either .
elwin and reggie quickly zeroed in on harlow , their eyes widened and their jaws dropped .
harlow approached enders as he knelt down looking through the contents of the wagon .
there were soldiers coming up on her right side , and as she turned to her left , she noticed new soldiers closing in on her left side .
`` that was close , '' enders paused , trying to read harlow 's facial expressions , `` they almost got us . ''
harlow chuckled to herself before looking down at her hands in her lap .
harlow cleared her throat , the most awkward blush creeping onto her cheeks , and started adjusting things on her own belt .
she looked back up to enders as the sword was ripped from her body .
harlow heard his running footsteps take off in front of her .
`` last week 's raid , '' enders said .
`` now if you do n't mind . ''
there resided sadness in the speckled bronze color that she had never seen before .
she sat up and looked around her cabin .
it 's not that , enders took in a sharp breath and let out an angry huff .
her hair bounced out immediately , falling around her shoulders .
`` they said they were headed through sherwood . ''
her voice cracked when she answered : eleven weeks .
little john asked , looking around the messy cabin .
without giving anything much more thought , she vaulted over random logs and pushed her legs as fast as she could , crunching renegade branches in her wake .
`` but she looks fine , only a little bruised and up . ''
she wobbled back and forth for a moment before she felt stable enough to walk .
it 's better than the sleeping commons .
where is this prisoner 's quarters ?
he 'd easily lost twenty pounds within the last month and a half .
harlow turned her head to him , stunned .
harlow felt her jaw drop .
the women flirted and batted their eyes while the men bowed low and took hands to dance .
she forced her body to swing back toward the curtain and forced her hands and arms to keep her going .
he unsheathed his sword and held it at the ready .
he lifted his head and looked directly into the royalty 's eyes .
the man stumbled back only for a second , before anger flared in his eyes and came back after her .
dozens of people walked around , picking up and repairing the destruction that was lincoln village .
harlow tilted her head gently .
i inherited a dilapidated airfield ( el campo ) just outside san miguel del mar on spains mediterranean coast , engaged multitudes of staff , from ex-sas to protect me , to my best friend paul , who fortunately was an architect , to turn el campo into a place worthy of kings .
i think the dress looks very becoming on her i sheepishly butted in , but i had my fingers crossed it was terrible .
as soon as he arrived back at el campo he started to do a bit of surreptitious digging into the background of jeremy and his sister , and quickly his natural ocd went through paranoia and into conspiracy theory .
the session had lasted almost eight hours and sherri had been in the thick of it for three of them , then in the final few minutes david and i were invited to join the table .
she eased the craft alongside me , killed the motor and leant forward to grasp the bow line ( aka the painter ) , when for some inexplicable reason the top two buttons of her dress popped , revealing , only a few feet away from my face , perfect heaven .
her first foray into pure interior design came when a conversation with one of her uni friends was overheard by a customer in the shop , are you an interior designer ?
no , they had to get involved as they were now classified as missing persons .
off the beaten track , somewhere where they would not stand out , and no extradition treaty would be a bonus , warm they were both sun worshipers , somewhere that would give them a good quality of life neither of them had ever slummed it and everyone agreed that they would not be about to start now .
charlie glanced into the rear-view mirror , watching as the puffda palace disappeared from view and thought i wonder if its contagious ?
one , you were secretive , and two her first cars registration number was sue 960 .
charlie had worried that the hull wouldnt sink when the fire and water met , but with the last of the fuel he had soaked the gold lettering on her transom and it helped with her demise , that and the wooden planking .
ok he said , and left - most likely to change his shorts .
get used to it , he told them frequently .
why is this happening to me ?
you need to be careful , ben .
would he be able to get his josh ?
abe chuckled when people asked him curiously about the mysterious , presumably french , origins of the moniker .
he heard the sound of a gate opening and a voice with an african accent say , good evening , baas .
she still remembered the beautiful blond boy , clinging to her skirt , smiling .
he looked up in horror to see joey elias and patrick mansur standing right there beside the box office .
his face all bloody , the monster rolled over , bounded to his feet and dived straight at ben .
trust is everything , she told him emphatically .
properly articulated the vision becomes the driving force .
sometimes their conversation would be awkward .
okay , said rick , lets work on that assumption ; theres no other ready explanation .
having overheard the conversation , he anxiously awaited his instructions .
as he danced around , shadow boxing , his gloves sliced through the air with lightning jabs left , right and centre .
he repeated the name , novak , almost as though it was familiar to him .
his intuition told him that novak , while a smart tough guy , was in well over his own head .
kom , maat , ben said to him , as if they really were mates , and helped the confused goliath to his feet and out the door back to his compartment .
ben was hardly qualified to tell gary how to deal with his anxiety .
his cynicism had increased , while his idealism wilted and went into hibernation .
but he could hear his fathers voice , ben its up to you to take care of brenda , and strangely , though he was a world away from home , he felt that abandoning gary would , in some way , be like abandoning his helpless sister .
standing under the hot soothing stream helped ease the shivering that had taken control of his body following the combined assault of shock and cold .
that guy is a mean son of a bitch and i can see hes gunning for you already .
they had heard the bugle announcing dinner and went off to find the mess .
of course , petrus was also her son , but sometimes she found it hard to remember that .
you too , said harry .
you see the power this guy wields .
if steyn finds out , were dead .
as he imagined what he might do , his heart beat faster and his body tensed with an adrenalin rush .
being a city kid , josh had always feared spiders and snakes , and peering at the dense scrub , it was easy to imagine himself crawling into a web or putting his hand on some deadly snake .
he liked the solitude of that hour .
do not speak to him .
i can feel it , that guy hates me .
fuck it , ben thought , he must have seen me liberty punch steyn , and now hes probably thinking thats exactly what happened to him on the train .
combining this with a scant regard for the prowess of their adversaries was a sure recipe for disaster .
then he saw the cellar door brazenly open with no attempt to hide her act of treachery .
although cold , hungry and emotionally exhausted , he knew , that being left alone in the cell was soon bound to become the happiest moment of each day .
how much longer do i have to stay here ?
dahlia was not at all happy about the idea .
ill bring him back to the house ... sure , well move him to green thorn .
feeling physically exhausted and emotionally drained from the failed escape attempt , he was content to lie there and feign complete unconsciousness for the moment .
the intuition which had previously seemed improbable that all this was related to steyn and his past could no longer be dismissed as paranoia .
he had this way about him , never forcing anything ; merely asking a question and then leaving his younger brother to make the decision , after his own careful consideration .
you really think he was any better than the rest , in any way that actually mattered ?
well then , that would be de jager .
he felt revitalised by the anticipation of danger and prickly with excitement , even while he was terrified for the safety of his son .
thats very philosophical , ben said without interest .
43 white son in his room at green thorn , old joshua was awake again .
johan was straight to the point .
as ben and he embraced in a great hug , years of friendship and love coursed between them .
now , years later , he had become so used to reporting to de jager about ben and being rewarded for it , that he had given him all the details about joshs imminent arrival without a second thought .
no , thats impossible , ben asserted .
in the hands of an expert , a knife is a formidable weapon .
he double checked , hoping that there might be a round in the chamber that johan had forgotten .
crunching the gears into reverse , he floored the accelerator again , taking out the remaining part of the wall as they exited .
just as it was becoming intolerable enough for him to reconsider this entire insane strategy , the helicopter came thundering into view and rocco made his quick run for the trees .
the explosion took on a new meaning of hope .
slow down , said rocco .
de jager stood by , salivating at the prospect of revenge .
i shouldnt be surprised you brought down the helicopter .
ben thought that joshua looked barely older than he had twenty-eight years since he had last seen him .
once ajax is fully recovered , winston promises to travel westward with star to find dr. che .
next time they would not fail they would cleanse mech city of this unholy menace .
four mech wolves crept in from the adjacent room .
moments later , four mech wolves appeared at the door along with comrade drone the idiot valet robot nearly as massive as ajax himself .
well just have to see .
instantly all doubts vanished , replaced with unswerving loyalty and respect .
the grinding noise of the elevator mechanism entered the office , then the sound of footsteps in the corridor .
did you know that many battles commenced on holidays because one side was too preoccupied with religious observance to notice an approaching threat ?
the noise from the slaughter outside became muffled .
he sat up like a huge puppy dog and offered his right paw .
a cool breeze wafted across his temperature sensors .
star withdrew , sensing his profound doubt .
it was less than three weeks since hed last seen the construction robot , but it seemed much longer than that .
this one should make a nice carpet , sister reedy said .
greetings , your leadership , he said .
the messiah had ordered the plasti-glass removed so that his visions could circulate freely about the tower .
if only winston were here to interpret things .
both men knew that their conversation was useless , since the messiah would determine when the move would take place , without regard to their opinions .
his footsteps faded down the corridor .
a ritual bowl containing holy solvent completed the accoutrement .
never again would we be driven from our holy temple !
roddy cried out with exquisite agony .
*** star remained fixated in the window , staring out at the mountain vastness , as if shed been cemented in place .
the scrappers soon regained the upper hand , driving winston and star back toward the gaping window .
youre going out , too !
the garment seemed more like an oversized bib spread over his lanky body .
winston let the delicate subject peter out .
the vehicle was badly smashed up , and pieces of bert lay scattered .
hey , check out the old dudes outfit , said another man inside the vehicle .
so , we can take our time , if you like , he said .
yes ... well , let me check the route , he said .
well ... okay , winston said .
under other circumstances , his efforts would have been amusing .
psychotic encampment the chief acolyte , flanked by susie and pam , sat staring into the campfire , contemplating the hell flames that awaited all nonbelievers .
never before had she felt such urgency and passion coming from him .
suddenly ripper started running toward them , yipping fiercely .
we wish to find dr. edgar rackenfauz .
pam picked up one of the supple little sticks that littered the area .
it has a dangerous ring to it .
star felt suddenly weak , as if somebody had cut her power supply in half .
he stood up and spread his arms wide .
rackenfauz threw up his hands .
the corners of his eyes crinkled .
the man lacked all subtly , winston determined .
learn from past mistakes , as it were .
hed rushed forward to receive it while the others continued along their path to damnation .
if youll honor us with your presence , sir , we will convey you to them posthaste , he said .
koestler stood in her usual place nearby .
well be rigging explosive charges to the main facilities , dr. che said .
winston was not capable of feeling male jealousy because he wasnt really a male .
he pulled out a single unit of paper-wrapped herb .
you want iri up and running as soon as possible , dont you ?
i know that , estrella said .
he pushed the door open .
but jerry did not seem to share her dreamy contentment .
che said , louder than he intended .
something akin to a smile creased its face .
looks like ive had a pretty interesting life , iridium said .
you just stay here and rest , she said .
hello ... winston , she said .
he flicked on the walkie talkie .
she lay prone on the rocky shore and splashed her arms vigorously in the water .
the mermaids scrambled in after him .
but variety is the spice of life , isnt it ?
come on ; lets get back to the booze-up before they finish all the prawn vol-au-vents .
he smiled at the memory , but just fleetingly before the frown returned to his brow .
as she sat down next to tara she sighed .
whether you call it her spirit or just her memory , everything she ever did for anyone during her life will always be there and cant be changed now .
why isnt she with you today ?
it was neither male nor female to his eyes , although naked apart from some small skulls and bones around its neck .
then he strode away with not a single glance back .
as we walked into the rooms , our feet sunk slightly into the deep pile of the dark green carpet .
and if by miracle of miracles she had managed all of those things , and escaped whoever you assume she had pissed off in africa , got to england with her haul , bought acacia and lived her life to its full extent , dont you think that someone would have caught up to her at some point .
you are right mboku , we must take all care to remove only very few stones at any time .
what you have said is right and i cant think why i have not seen it before now .
men trusted him with their lives as if he were some kind of god , able to protect no matter what came .
unfortunately , as the banter flew back and forth between us , we managed to scrape the edge as it went through the rear door .
tara always could pack a punch and i made a mental note to always take a step or two away from her after winding her up like that .
the following night , i waited again for the couriers to arrive and asked the same man if he had asked for the information .
it was lotshe , the senior induna who had devised the whole plan .
frederick is family and just look at what he was doing a hundred years ago .
this morning , we have witnessed many of these warriors setting off from the town on a raiding expedition .
we have two problems now ; the first being that we might run short of food or water , although there are frequent rivers to refresh our supplies .
lots of blood mixed with the dust of the ground and all over me .
i wondered if the passion with which langalibelele spoke denoted a true belief in what we did .
the only way i could think of to achieve this was to let the man go hoping that he had the strength of body and mind to make his way back and get away before anyone noticed .
her eyes were shining a little and i could see she had really embraced the history she had read .
by the sounds of it , he was already a little mad so he could have just dreamt it all .
yes dear , she seemed distracted again , i just need to talk to a couple of people thats all .
i replied , mock contrite .
mind you , the second one could be dead too for all i know .
he leant forward again , clasping his hands together , his face clearing a little .
if we have decided to go to africa , then i suggest that we do that sort of digging there , rather than look here in england where there is less likely to be a comprehensive record .
chapter fifteen so to africa flight number sa235 to johannesburg is boarding now .
on our arrival , we took some time to rest and recuperate and then met down in the bar for a drink before dinner .
but there would still need to have been a huge operation to get so much out , wouldnt there ?
no.no , do it now .
we really shouldnt assume any facts at this stage .
thats something we will find out i hope .
there are thousands of papers there from way back eh , it just means a bit of time to go through them thats all .
the adults used to get cross with him because they wanted to know about this treasure and they wanted him to lead them to it .
yes , but it would be good if we could trace his every step , wouldnt it ?
there were sculptures and trinkets , little cars made out of old milk tins , toys , masks , and paintings of every description .
mum had already written to them to say we would be in the country , so it shouldnt come as too great a shock when we arrived .
however , mlimo said that the white man , who had died , had lived again .
they shrunk back even further at the ndbele instruction to kill the white man , knowing how it could destroy them if they were discovered , but that the spirits could destroy them if they failed .
to find out that she had was intriguing , especially as her trip seemed to have coincided with taras parents travels to this part of the world .
she sat down again ; obviously worried about tara and the upset she had caused her by telling us about such goings on .
james , its that policeman , from chinhoyi : i think he wants us to stop .
he wondered how such important information had been lost and cursed the stupidity of his ancestors for losing it , for not listening and not telling the story as it should have been .
before i even had a chance to say a thing , tara spoke .
he was happy at the way things were going now .
he had no problem with killing another man or woman if the reasons were right , but he did have an objection to causing the death of innocent people , so he determined that before he took part in anyones death , the old man would tell him why he was doing so .
after a while , they reached the spot where the couple had spent the night and halted for a while as gatsheni scouted around , looking for any signs that may help them .
with this simple , but impossible plan settled , we turned in for the night , so tired that we both fell into a deep sleep within minutes .
i whooped with joy at the dramatic climax of the crossing and then looked back to the water just in time to see a very wet , muddy and decidedly unhappy tara dragging herself up onto the bank .
yes , i suppose youre right , although i hate the idea of anyone else walking away with the diamonds .
i waited for ten minutes and then decided i should go after her , eventually finding her sitting on a large rock some metres away .
she looked around too , peering into the distance all round us .
they had cheated their way back into power several times by openly rigging elections and had managed to stop food production to the point at which the people starved .
to never publicly give in to the speculation and endless questions and to always stay resolute .
anyway , getting back to mr funt , he encountered many hardships along the way , including the death of his wife eleanor .
`` well then , '' erik resumed , `` does n't it stand to reason that if a stupid rock can find its way here , intelligent beings from other planets should do so as well ? ''
the cat , watching through the window , was jealous .
here erik pulled out his secret map .
`` stop staring at me and pay attention ! ''
`` indians are superstitious about cave openings and canyon entrances . ''
things grew to a frenzy .
so saying , the bony bantam battler slipped from the rear of the hut .
`` now , ripley , she 's a lovely girl with some very fine qualities . ''
she 'd managed to hang onto her dark glasses as well .
`` oh , do n't act so fragile .
`` whut 're ya doin ' ? ''
i sez , see th ' tentacles ?
`` just ask 'em , okay ! ''
her assent was n't as effortless .
the only way out would be to crawl over the embankment , exposing themselves to the native spear-chuckers .
`` he means to look where he 's pointing . ''
`` go j , go !
`` it has been a long time .
my whole theory has gone up in smoke . ''
journey into tyme the afternoon show had gone off without a hitch , a combination of good booking and great matches , and the crowd went home happy .
while he revealed his mastery of the texas zen quip : `` ta git rid of a boomerang , ya got ta toss it down a one-way street . ''
ya just lay there 'n hope no one slides in with cleats . ''
`` i 'm sorry i did n't recognize ya .
`` splash said we saved the princess , '' the girl translated .
`` ca n't recall exactly , '' said midnite , `` but it was somewhere in dallas . ''
`` bonhoeffer says we 're to turn the other cheek and let evil exhaust itself by offering no resistance . ''
`` i do n't s'pose it ever occurred to ya to knock ? ''
eventually j looked up at spud and stuttered , `` ya g-g-got a-any m-more half-mast ideas ? ''
`` i already tell you : they say they do this to prevent kidnapping . ''
